Composed by: Imyrr on or about the 10th of Sarapin, 865 AF.

The Key Rite is the biennial rite of the Seat of Chaos held in
commemoration of the gift of the Key of Iron and Gold by Imperator
Glaaki, the Eldritch Ascendant to our citizenry.

The Rite was first performed by Ariettie, Grandue, Daslin, Jinsun, and
Colivar. It includes a re-enactment of a battle that once took place in
history between Lord Babel and the Aldar Dunamis.

A smaller rite, sermon or activity aimed at unleashing Chaos
occasionally initiates the Key Rite. It is imperative that this
introductory activity is secular in nature. This is the Imperator's rite
and he will not share it or see it profaned with the worship of any
other being or force but Chaos. Religious observances are more suited to
another time and place.

To that end, any initial ritual phase prior to the actual Key Rite will
be scheduled, reviewed and approved by a Court-appointed Archon prior to
its performance.

After any initial ritual phase, the three Ashtani Houses bring forth
their relics and offer an appropriate sacrifice. The ritual concludes
with a city-wide meeting that shares announcements and the latest news
from the Court by the Ascendant and House leaders.

Heralding the glory of Dominion's fulfillment through the workings of
Chaos, the Key Rite animates Creation with the same Primal Chaos that
today infuses the Chaos Plane. It is therefore undertaken in the name of
Imperator Glaaki, in furtherance of the Accords.

Check UPCOMING for the next instance of the Key Rite. For further
questions on its origins and purpose, please seek out an elder of the
Savants of the Wheel. For the truly curious, a chronicle of past Key
Rites can be found in the Nicator Archives.
