You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 1: Constitutional Provisions

- No new Law shall be enforced upon the Citizens of Ashtan until it receives the
assent of a majority Council decision and Archon Ascendant approval.

- No current Law shall be overruled until it receives the assent of a majority 
Council decision.

- No new Law shall be enforced until the Archon Ascendant has had the 
opportunity to vote.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 2: Offences Against the Person

- Any unsolicited harmful act against a Citizen or Ally of Ashtan by a Citizen 
of Ashtan shall result in the offender losing citizenship.
Ashtan is currently allied to the villages of Thera and Petra, and the Court of 
Chaos.

- Any unsolicited harmful act against a citizen or Ally of Ashtan by an Outsider
within the boundaries of Ashtan Law shall result in the offender being enemied 
to the City of Ashtan.

- This Law includes all forms of intentional espionage against citizens. Such 
action shall be more than slight or trivial and shall result in the offender and
any co-conspirators being subject to a fine and enemied to the City of Ashtan 
for 5 years. Citizens found guilty of this offense will lose citizenship for at 
least ten years in addition to their enemying. Persistent and calculated 
reconnaissance may also hold the potential for additional charges of sedition 
and treason and the invocation of House rights, depending on the target.

- This Law shall not apply where two Citizens have a Right of Glaaki invoked, 
where a Citizen is in reasonable defence of private property under Ashtan Law 3,
or where license has otherwise been granted in advance by the Ruling Council.

- Outsider Shopkeepers and Merchants on announced business shall be considered 
an Ally of Ashtan for the purposes of this Law whilst they are conducting their 
business.

- A harmful action shall be more than slight or trivial, and threaten the safety
of the person or loss of personal property.

- Each citizen possesses one undeniable challenge that may be called upon once 
per decade: the Right of Glaaki. This entitles the invoker to a single bout of 
combat to be approved, scheduled, and witnessed by the leadership. Members of 
the Court of Chaos can also be in attendance. This is not a matter taken lightly
as failure to complete the action once the Right has been invoked will be viewed
as a breach of Ashtani and Court law. Once the Right has been fulfilled, the 
matter will be dropped.

- No city disfavour shall be imposed by a non-Council member or non-Minister 
without the consent of the Archon Ascendant.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 3: Offences Against Property

- A Citizen that trespasses upon private property, that does not leave when 
given reasonable opportunity, shall lose their rights to protection under Ashtan
Law 2.

- A Citizen that trespasses upon private property within the boundaries of 
Ashtan Law, that does not leave when given reasonable opportunity, may lose 
their citizenship subject to approval of a majority Archon vote.

- An Outsider that trespasses upon private property within the boundaries of 
Ashtan Law, that does not leave when given reasonable opportunity, shall be 
enemied to the City of Ashtan.

- Trespassing shall be deemed to occur either after there has been both a demand
to leave and opportunity given to leave, or after an unsolicited harmful act has
been knowingly committed against a person on private property.

- Private Property includes housing, House Estates, Divine Temples, stockrooms, 
and shops with locked doors.

- Enemying terms and fines shall be set at the discretion of the Security 
Minister or Ruling Council, and the offender shall be informed of these.

- Offences Against Naval Property are only applicable to those aboard properly 
identified and registered Ashtan ships.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 4: Offences Against Ashtan

- Any Citizen found conspiring to commit any act against the laws of Ashtan, 
with serious intent, shall be subject to a fine and lose citizenship for at 
least ten years.

- Any Citizen or Outsider found conspiring to commit any act against the laws of
Ashtan with a City Enemy, with serious intent, shall be subject to a fine and 
enemied for at least fifteen years.

- Any Citizen that undermines or harms the sovereignty or integrity of the City 
of Ashtan shall be branded a traitor, made subject to a fine, and enemied for at
least twenty years.

- No punishment for offences against Ashtan shall be applied to a Citizen of 
Ashtan without the approval of a majority of the Council and The Archon 
Ascendant.

- Undermining or harming the sovereignty or integrity of the City shall be more 
than slight or trivial, and include the breach of confidential information 
obtained by virtue of position within the City, the conspiracy to undermine the 
position or interests of Ashtan in favour of an individual or another 
organisation, or the aiding or abetting of City enemies in their actions against
Ashtan or Citizens of Ashtan.

- The practice of Devotion is prohibited within the walls of Ashtan.

- Non-citizens perceived to be a disturbance to Ashtan and her citizens may be 
enemied at the discretion of the Minister of Security, his/her aides or an 
Archon.

- The following orders are hereby barred for citizens of Ashtan. Should any 
irrefutable proof of membership of one of these orders be obtained regarding any
Ashtani citizen, please bring it to an Archon's attention immediately. Banned 
orders are: Aurora, Deucalion, Sartan, Twilight, Tlalaiad.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 5: Mercantile Provisions

- Shops owing more than two years taxes shall be shut down by the City of 
Ashtan.

- Shops owing more than three years taxes shall be repossessed by the City of 
Ashtan.

- City owned shops will only be rented to citizens of Ashtan.

- Citizens leasing a shop in Ashtan need to remain active during the duration of
the shop lease.

- Citizens that become dormant while leasing a shop and that shop falls under 
the stock limit due to neglect will have their leases terminated without refund.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 6: Shrine Provisions

- Defilement is forbidden within the walls of the city save by Council sanction.

- Any citizen found defiling shrines within the walls of the City shall lose 
their citizenship.

- Any outsider found defiling shrines within the walls of the City shall be 
enemied and subject to a fine.

- Any shrines deemed potentially dangerous by the Ruling Council or Security 
Ministry shall be removed.

- Shrines to the current Patron and Lord Babel will take precedence over all 
others for security purposes.

- Gods that are neither citizens of Ashtan nor Patrons of Ashtani Houses may 
have a maximum of one shrine if approved by the Ruling Council. The Applicant 
must receive the assent of a majority of Archons and the Archon Ascendant is 
required to vote before any shrine is granted permission.

- All shrines are subject to the Ruling Council's judgement. If they are found 
to be dangerous or in violation of the previous laws they are forfeit.

You press upon a marble plinth, rotating the faces.
Ashtan Law 7: Geographical Provisions

- Ashtan Law shall extend just beyond the boundaries of the City of Ashtan, and 
to any other area deemed appropriate by the Security Minister or Ruling Council.

- For the citizens of Thera and Petra, Ashtan Law 2 shall apply within the 
boundaries of their respective villages.

Ministry Provisions

- Unregistered ships may be ejected from Ashtan harbour at any time without 
notice at the discretion of the Minister of Maritime Affairs.

- Ashtan ship ID number 57 operates under the authority of the Maritime 
Merchants of Ashtan clan.

- Ashtan ships ID numbers 48 and 82 operate under the authority of the Dread 
Navy clan.

- Access to and use of these ships is at the sole discretion of the Ministry of 
Maritime Affairs under which they operate.

- Posters and graffiti may only be applied with the approval of the Minister of 
Development.

- Non-citizens found guilty of a crime against Ashtan or her people may only be 
unenemied by the Minister of Security.

- Those marked as 'permanent' enemies of Ashtan may only be unenemied by the 
Archon Ascendant.

- Any individual found to be guilty of violating Ashtan Law may have their 
ownership of personal land within the Valley of Ascension revoked, by Archon 
Ascendant decree and/or the discretion of the Minister of Development.

House provisions

- All citizens of Ashtan shall be members of one of our three Houses.

- All members of our three Houses shall be citizens of Ashtan.

- Citizens can petition the Archonate to be exempt from this law. Decisions will
be made on a per person basis. This right can be rescinded at any time through 
majority Archonate vote.

- The House Lords of Ashtan shall have the right to appeal to the Ruling Council
for the removal or enemying of any Citizen seen acting in a manner harmful to 
the sovereignty or integrity of their House.

- This right is brought to the Archonate where it must receive a majority vote 
to pass. Votes will count from the House leader and non-members of the invoking 
House.

- If the invocation of this right is the result of a personal dispute, or a 
petty offense, it shall not be upheld.

- The result of an upheld House right will be ejection from the city and an 
enemy sentence until such a time that the offender has resolved their issues 
with the invoking House.

- All House rights, completed and in progress, are subject to Council 
investigation.

- The Archon Ascendant and Overseer shall hold vetoing power over these matters.
