Composed by: Cerenea on or about the 13th of Glacian, 844 AF.

Chaos has always been a part of you, and while you still carry infinite
potential, your past experiences have certainly prepared you well beyond
the more trivial of tasks. Before you further set forth on your
progression towards Ascension, it is important you familiarize yourself
with the institutions, paths, and expectations that make up Ashtani
culture.

There are no assessments associated with this rank, however the
following subjects will assist with your acclimation to life in Ashtan's
modern era.

| | Read CLHELP IOE. The Institute of Entropy welcomes all manner of
combat related questions, and offers a specialized curriculum revolving
around preparation and training for raids and defences. This will be
your first step if you have interest in serving in the Army, and you can
request induction either through the public city channel, or through
those listed on the relevant scroll.

| | If you are without a House, read CLHELP HOUSES and ensure you join a
House within a reasonable timeframe. House membership is a requirement
under Ashtani law, with limited exceptions, and failure to adhere to it
not only weakens the integrity of the Seat, but jeopardizes your right
to citizenship.

| | While on the subject of laws, you're expected to have a reasonable
understanding of them. You can review them in person at Standards of
Ambition due north of the gates by TURNING, PUSHING, or PULLING the
PLINTH, or simply by reading CHELP LAWS.

| | The foundations of Ashtan's modern ethos can be reviewed by READing
the TABLET at the gates. The Ruinous Accords outlines our pact with the
Chaos Court, and by understanding the expectations put forth on every
Ashtani, we better unite towards our shared goals of bringing this realm
into the new Dominion of Chaos

