RANK TWO

As sure as the lava fields bubble and churn, your potential is surely
developing. Embrace the tumult of your existence now, garnering a better
understanding of the forces that impact our world so that you may
advance the workings of Chaos beyond the boundaries of Ashtan.

Concept of Progression:
| | Prior to your assessment, check TASKS ALL and complete any tasks
remaining.

| | Consider your future growth as a citizen of Ashtan. Be willing to
discuss your ambitions within the Seat of Chaos and how you could help
the city, and read CHELP ADVANCEMENT to learn how you can advance in
city rank.

|x| In order to learn how to best contribute to city defense, ask over
CT for someone to induct you into the Institute of Entropy. While
completion of this program is not required in order to graduate from the
Academy, this will be the first step necessary to join the Army.

|x| Read over HOUSE LIST ASHTAN and learn more information about the
Houses available to you with HELP HOUSE <Housename>. By this point, you
should have an idea of which house most fits your unique skills and
interests. Once you have made this decision, WALK TO EPICURUS and ASK
EPICURUS to JOIN <House> You MUST be a member of a House before
graduation, though you won't be able to progress in your House until you
graduate. 
Reference: TASK 211, 212, 213

Concept of Ashtan:
| | Review the city laws (CHELP LAWS) located at the Standards of
Ambition due north of the Main Gates. You may need to PUSH, PULL, or
TURN the PLINTH to view all legislation relevant to the Seat of Chaos'
citizens. Be ready to be tested on your knowledge. 
Reference: TASK 209

| | Familiarize yourself with The Ruinous Accords located at the main
gates of the city. Be prepared to discuss the vision you're granted
while you READ the TABLET, as well as the obligations we as Ashtani
share and the mutually beneficial nature of our pact with the Chaos
Court. Reference: 
TASK 210

|x| Learn the location and purpose of the Weave of Conflict, as well as
how to help fill it. Use CHELP FONT as a guide in order to contribute to
our city font. Reference: TASK 241

| | Read CHELP CREED. Ensure you fully understand the oath and its
ramifications, then be prepared to swear it as the final part of your
assessment before graduating from the Academy of Ascension.

When to request your Rank Two assessment: After all TASKS, up to and
including TASK 242, have been completed.

When you feel you have adequately prepared, please ask in the Academy
for your graduation assessment.

An aide or the Ambassador will meet with you to conduct the test and
discuss with you your goals and aspirations as you venture onward to
advance Chaos.

