Composed by: Davok on or about the 8th of Glacian, 861 AF.

You have found your way to this scroll because you practice the art of
breaking an enemy's limbs, or at least wish to understand the principles
of the body that govern them.

Much as 'momentum' classes seek to overwhelm their enemy's curing with
rapid afflictions, 'hybrid' or 'prep' classes rely on the damaging of
enemy body parts. We do so in order to create windows of opportunity or
weaknesses in our foes that let us kill them.

HELP BODY PART DAMAGE will be a useful reference to you as you study the
contents here.


[== Limb Damage ==]

There are six main body parts that you can target in combat, either with
your class-derived skills or with Targetting in Weaponry:

- the Head
- the Torso
- the Left Arm
- the Right Arm
- the Left Leg
- the Right Leg

When you commit to an attack against one of these body parts, you will
(usually) do both the damage you are already familiar with - health
damage - but also do another kind of damage that can't be as readily
seen, called limb damage.

When you do enough damage to reach a critical threshold to a limb, you
'break' that limb.

Limbs exist in one of four distinct states:

* a healthy limb, which has no impediment.
* a crippled limb, which is cured by the mending salve (a 1s balance).
This comes about as a result of curing a damaged limb with restoration
or from certain abilities and venoms like epteth and epseth.
* a damaged limb, which is produced when you reach the threshold of
damage we have discussed. Cured by a restoration salve (4s balance).
Also produced when you cure a mutilated limb.
* a mutilated limb, which is produced if you hit the threshold of damage
a second time, before they finish curing the limb from the damaged
state. This needs an additional application of the restoration salve.

So, if I am a dual cutting knight wielding scimitars and I DOUBLESLASH
TARGET RIGHT LEG repeatedly, eventually the target will be afflicted by
a damaged right leg. They would need to apply a restoration salve to
start curing it - four seconds later, that damaged limb would become a
crippled limb, and they would need to apply a mending salve to heal it
completely.

Had they never applied restoration at all, and I kept swinging,
eventually I could bring the limb to a mangled state. This would then
require application of restoration - four seconds later, the mangled
limb would become damaged. Another restoration apply - four seconds
later, it would become crippled. And finally a mending salve to fully
heal the limb.

Importantly, it should be noted there is no crippled limb state for
either the head or torso - these immediately go from damaged to cured
once restoration sets in.

This is not a visible process - you will have no indication that you
have successfully broken anything. The target, however, will see when
their limb breaks and know to cure it (*** with the exception of torso
breaks, which are 'hidden' and must be DIAGNOSEd for). Therefore,
watching how an enemy applies salves can be useful. We will address how
to know when you've broken a limb in a later section of the scroll.


[== Effects of Damaged Limbs ==]

Each type of limb has certain consequences when they are damaged. They
will be listed here, in brief, for your reference.

Arms: When both arms are crippled or above in any combination, a target
cannot TOUCH their tattoos, OUTRIFT herbs or minerals, and usually
cannot attack.

Legs: When any leg is crippled or above in any combination, there is a
delay in being able to walk from the room. Likewise, until both legs are
healthy, you cannot STAND from being prone.

Torso: When damaged, a torso causes continual bouts of bleeding. This
likewise plays an important role in making a knight's disembowel or a
Tekura monk's backbreaker throw more deadly. Mangled torso increases the
amount of bleeding.

Head: When first damaged, the head will afflict the target with
stupidity. When mangled, it will inflict them with concussion (which
relapses amnesia).



[== Tracking Limbs in Combat ==]

Each body part has a total health - we can consider it related in
magnitude to your actual health. As we try to 'prepare' limbs, we would
like to know how much damage we do to that pool of vitality with each
attack.

However, determining this is not straightforward. Some things, like the
Sawbones trait (which lets you LIMBPROBE an adventurer) or the Predict
ability of a dual cutting knight can give you a general idea of how
damaged a limb is. However, in combat, we have little room for error and
want more precision.

Therefore, for most classes, the most widely available method of
tracking your enemy's limbs is to count. For a given enemy, with a given
health (which you determine via ASSESSing in Survival), you can use your
attack over and over until you see them apply, then make a mental note
of how many blows it takes to break someone of that health.

By testing yourself against a variety of health pools, you will discover
that there are 'threshold' points. For example, that anyone from 4500 to
5500 health breaks in some number of hits. As soon as you go a little
above 5500, it may take one more hit than before, and so on. These bands
of health will make it easier for you to hone in on the ranges that
matter, instead of having to remember a known limb count for the endless
differences in total health that exist.

So if I know it takes eleven distinct slashes from a scimitar to break
someone's limb who has 5500 health, I can slash them ten times. They
will then be 'prepped'. The next attack will break the limb, and usually
indicates the start of a class's 'execution' - a series of attacks they
go through in order to achieve their kill.

In modern times, men have developed the means to see the damage they do
to a limb directly - this will enable you, with each attack, to know how
close you are to a break - for example, you might see:

As you carve into Novak, you perceive that you have dealt 14.7% damage
to his left leg.

This can be used to mentally calculate your hits to break with reflexes.

There are more complex methods of determining the damage you deliver
with each attack, which can be dicussed with your experienced brethren
as you hone your reflexes, but counts are always a solid foundation from
which to begin your training.
