Composed by: Saonji on or about the 15th of Mayan, 851 AF.



Inspired by a similar file from the Nemesian Vanguard, this scroll will
go marginally more in-depth about what locks are, how they are achieved,
and how they can be broken out of (where possible). Not every class is
the same, mind you, some survive easier than others.

Firstly, we must establish what constitutes a lock. Quite simply, a lock
is a combination of afflictions that stop one from curing in various
ways. Keep in mind not all 'locking classes' can utilise each type of
lock. In fact, very few classes can do all of them!

Now we get into the types of locks and what afflictions are needed for
them. To start with, these are the basic afflictions we'll look at:

- Asthma, cured by kelp/aurum, will stop the smoking of pipes.
- Slickness, cured by bloodroot/magnesium or smoking valerian/realgar,
will stop the application of salves.
- Anorexia, cured by FOCUS or applying epidermal, will stop eating and
drinking.
- Impatience, cured by goldenseal/plumbum, will stop the use of FOCUS.
- Paralysis, cured by bloodroot/magnesium, will prevent you from
touching tree.

Now for the types of locks (there are quite a few!):

--------------------------------------------------

- Softlock, consisting of anorexia, asthma and slickness, will prevent
all the most basic forms of curing. This is most typically done by Sword
and Shield knights, in conjunction with disabling your focus balance and
overloading with mental afflictions to prevent one from focussing
anorexia (which is how you'd otherwise break the lock, if not with tree
tattoo).

- Venomlock is an 'upgrade' of a softlock consisting of the same
afflictions as well as the addition of paralysis to prevent tree tattoo
usage. FOCUS is how one gets out of this type of lock.

- Hardlock is, depending on who you ask, a twist of venomlock with
impatience in place of paralysis. Contrary to the belief that it is
venomlock with impatience. This locks out all forms of basic curing
(eat, apply, smoke, focus). The only way to escape this is with tree
tattoo, or the use of ability-based curing (see below).

- Truelock requires all of the above afflictions, as well as whichever
afflictions block an 'active' cure. Outside of passive curing, or the
assistance of another, if you find yourself truelocked then an impending
trip to Ugrach is likely. NOTE: Voyria is a required affliction against
classes that have a passive cure (see: passives section).

These four locks are the ones you're most likely to encounter, but
they're far from the only ones. Below are some less common locks, as
well as the classes that most commonly will do them.

- Focuslock. Commonly done by Runewardens (dual-cutting & sword+shield
specifically), this lock consists of a soft/venomlock as well as either
keeping someone off focus balance (via smash high), or by draining their
mana to the point they can't focus (pithakhan runeblade). The easiest
way to avoid this is to simply defend/leave if your mana is dropping
low, or by keeping an eye on how close you are to being softlocked
(typically if slickness stays stuck) Depthswalkers can also achieve
focuslocks through the use of shadowmadness.

- Slowlock. Commonly done by Shamans and Jesters (also mildly achievable
as an Occultist). This lock consists of keeping someone under the
effects of aeon, by constantly ensuring they remain asthmatic while
affected by it. Much more deadly done by the former two, as they can add
concussion to the mix. Best way to avoid this is to watch out for speed
stripping abilities, and react accordingly.

- Riftlock. Commonly done by Blademasters and Knights (but doable by
many), a riftlock consists of breaking one's arms (restoration, not
mending) and sticking asthma+slickness. Best done with addiction to
force the target to eat all their kelp. Broken arms will prevent
outrifting (hence the name), asthma prevents curing slickness (once
they're out of bloodroot as well), and slickness prevents them curing
their arms.

- Salvelock. This is more of a 'bridging' lock than anything, as it'll
quickly result in a truelock when done correctly. The basis behind a
salvelock is simply sticking both impatience and anorexia while the
target is off salve balance (generally because they applied restoration
to a limb). No salve balance, and impatience, stops both forms of curing
anorexia, quickly being followed with asthma/slickness before the
opponents gets their salve balance back. Bards and Shamans are typically
the most likely to do this, although it is certainly possible for a
Sentinel to do it as well.

- Manglelock. Not incredibly common, due to the fact it requires a
target to not have a certain threshold of health. Generally only
Blademasters and Dual Blunt knights can pull these off, occasionally
Tekura monks as well (albeit pointlessly). A manglelock simply consists
of constantly breaking ones legs while they're prone, before they're
able to stand again. Done correctly, you'll never stand once proned with
both legs broken. As this lock's focus is to simply damage you to death,
tumbling over walls/room hinder can potentially reduce the efficacy of
this, but a higher health pool will be your best chance at not simply
dying to increased damage from being broken and prone.

--------------------------------------------------

Now that we've got all the locks out of the way, let's get into the
whole 'active and passive curing' that was mentioned earlier. Virtually
every class has *some* form of this, I will tell you what blocks each of
them, as well as a painting a picture as to what it visually looks like
when someone uses them. First let's cover active heals.

Alchemists have 'Salt' which is blocked by Stupidity. It looks like
this:
- [ Thiev sketches out a symbol in the air with his finger in the shape
of a bisected circle. ]

Blademasters have 'Alleviate' which is blocked by Paralysis:
- [ As he massages key pressure points, a look of relief comes over
Davok's face as his ailments ease. ]
 'Phoenix' which is stopped by Prone (and cures all their afflictions):
- [ Throwing back his head, Davok shouts out in defiance as blazing
flames consume his for a single, glorious instant before dying away. ]

Depthswalkers have 'Accelerate' which is blocked by Recklessness, it
looks like:
 - [ A look of relief comes over Penwize as he grows less pale. ]
If you see them grow older, they've cured two afflictions (can't be done
prone).

Druid and Sentinels both have 'Might', stopped by Prone and looking like
this:
 - [ Lyrin lets out a mighty roar. ]

Dragons have 'Dragonheal' which cures three (1 if prone) and is blocked
by Weariness & Recklessness:
- [ Imyrr lets out a great keening, casting the impurities from his
form. ]

Magi have 'Bloodboil' which is stopped by the Haemophilia affliciton,
and will look like:
 - [ Perspiration suddenly breaks out on Uilien's forehead. ]

Occultists and Jester both have the 'Fool' tarot which cures three
afflictions, and looks like:
- [ Parthenope presses a tarot to her forehead, producing a wan smile. ]

Psions have 'Expunge' which prioritises Impatience, as is blocked by
Confusion:
- [ A slight tightening of the eyes is the only sign Penwize makes that
he has made a great effort of will. ]
 Will cure mentals if they do not have Impatience.

Serpents have 'Shrugging' which is blocked by Weariness, and will look
as follows:
 - [ Katalyst hunches his shoulders and lets out a soft hiss. ]

Shamans have 'Purification' (Daina) which is blocked by Selarnia:
 - [ A pale mist begins to rise from the skin of Saonji. ]

Blademasters, Knights, Monks and Metamorphs all have 'Fitness' which is
blocked by Weariness:
 - [ Llohr draws a deep, measured breath. ]
 This ONLY cures Asthma!


Lastly we have 'passive' healing effects which will cure an affliction
once every approximately 10 seconds. If the owner of the effect is
afflicted by Voyria, then that will get cured first above everything
else. Knowing this is paramount to truly locking targets that have
these! Below are a bunch of rough scribbles that detail what the effects
look like.

Jester/Occultist (Sun Tarot)
 - [ The globe of light illuminates Akia with its brilliance. ]

Bard (Hallelujah)
- [ A song can be heard on the edge of hearing as the air distorts about
Dunn. ]

Runewarden (Dagaz)
- [ A rune like a rising sun upon the ground flares, bathing Morthif
with healing magic. ]

Pariah (Leech)
- [ Something pulses from within the chest of Saonji, and she seems more
vital. ]

Apostate (Syphon)
 - [ A demonic crimson glow emanates from Mizik. ]

Magi Harmony (Vibration)
 - [ A soft chiming emanates from Aegoth. ]

Priest/Paladin (Rite of Healing)
 - [ A gentle glow surrounds Seragorn. ]

Air Lord (Sussuration)
- [ The tempestuous form of Penwize is cleansed by a purifying breeze. ]

Priest (Angel Care)
- [ The guardian angel of Seragorn shimmers and he gives a sigh of
relief. ]

Sylvan/Druid (Panacea)
 - [ Lyrin is surrounded in a cool, refreshing mist. ]


And that about covers everything on locks! If you have any further
questions, don't hesitate to ask! Now go and kick ass!
