
   The Enchiridion of Oblivion

1      Table of Contents
2      Of Chaos and Creation
3      The Foundations of the Third Age
4      Freedom and Power
5      The Cult of Babel
6      The Twin

Of Chaos and Creation

The creation of the worlds was rooted in duality, and thus we take the
twin as our sacred sign. For when great Ayar initiated the beginning, it
was established that the fundamental and foundational basis for reality
would be dual. This was His plan. He created two things, and the two
things He created were Chaos and Creation. He wove Creation from the
five elements, setting its pillars in five elemental planes and
establishing natural law in its fabric. Creation was regulated and
defined, with things staying in the places where they had been set and
retaining the forms they had been given.

Such a work, however, held no glory for one such as Ayar. That is why He
created Chaos as well, though perhaps it is more proper to say that
Chaos came forth from Him. Chaos had but one feature and one property --
to change. In Chaos, nothing could ever be, for its power was to prevent
a thing from being. Instead, it maintained a state wherein nothing
exists in a constant ineffable flux that embraces the totality of
transcendent potential.

These, then, were Ayar's great works. The first, Creation, was a vast,
stable and complex network of systems and patterns and laws. The second,
Chaos, was an infinite singularity of pure transformative energy. It was
the marriage of the two, however, that was His greatest work. He set
Chaos and Creation together in a balance, close enough to touch, yet
removed enough that Creation would not be consumed. The distant,
radiating power of Chaos animated the planes of Creation, just as the
soul animates the body. Thus it was that Creation came to life. The
diluted, distant power of Chaos worked upon it slowly. Though complete
exposure to the power of Chaos would necessarily have thrown the natural
laws of Creation into absolute ruination, this mediated exposure served
to reduce the process into one where Chaos granted Creation a vitality
it could never otherwise possess.

Thus time was born from the marriage of Chaos and Creation, and with it
Aeon, the first of the elder gods. Understanding that the animating
power of Chaos needed to be governed and controlled and channeled, lest
it twist and warp the fabric of Creation into something completely
foreign, Ayar created the remainder of the elder gods and assigned them
dominion over various aspects of the worlds. By Their will, which
derived power from His will, the stable aspects of Creation were
buttressed. Though they still changed, the guiding influence of the gods
served to regulate and control that change. Thus it might be said that,
though Chaos causes forests to grow and spread or die and fall back, it
was Gaia that kept the forests from slowly becoming something completely
foreign and unrecognisable. Likewise Caspian kept the waters of the sea,
Lupus kept the generations of the beasts, Aegis kept the ways of war,
Twilight kept the secret powers of darkness, and the rest kept also
Their respective realms. Lorielan, Daedalus, and Khalas were created as
free agents, whose purpose was to guard against unforeseen tangles that
might arise outside the realms of any specific god.

Such a tangle did, however, occur. It is still not known exactly how or
why the power of Chaos was able to twist the fabric of reality into a
being so foreign and inconsistent with the natural laws of Creation, yet
somehow that is exactly what happened. An Unnamable Horror, pureblood
firstborn offspring of the infinite void, moved unhindered through the
worlds. It came upon Maya, who was yet an Aldar maiden.

The union of Maya and the Unnamable was a moment that unquestionably
marked an epochal change in the course of history. In its perfection, it
mirrored the ideal duality that Ayar had established from the
foundations of the worlds. A calm, unchanging, passive, immortal being
entered into union with an ever-ending, ever-beginning, ever-changing
entity of undefinable characteristics and qualities. The result, as all
know, was the human race. More than any other, the humans are receptive
to the powers of Chaos, for their bodies and their souls are anchored in
the black sea of the infinite abyss. Though they lack the long lives of
the dwarves and the tsol'aa, though they lack the fierce strength of the
trolls or the rajamala, though they lack the sharp intelligence of the
grooks, the flames of the xorans, and the hive consciousness of the
horkval, humans nevertheless possess a capacity for creation and
destruction and transformation that exceeds that of any other known
race. Such is their glory.

The rest of the story is known, in various versions, as the Chaos Wars.
Though the priests of Babel have much otherwise unknown and startling
knowledge on the secret roles and motivations of the participants in the
war, the final results can be reduced to a few basic points. Two
indescribable entities, each more powerful than Proteus Himself, emerged
in the Chaos Realm. Together they projected themselves into Creation and
manipulated the gods via the demon prince Pazuzu into causing a
cataclysmic war of such proportions that they were able to cross over
Ayar's barrier and into Creation. This very nearly was the end of
everything. Proteus, natural law, the elements, the elder gods, the
mortal races -- all of them would have been consumed. Instead, however,
Ayar Himself interceded.

14:55:12.62 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-read journal291709 page 3
You read what is written on a black leather journal:
"The Enchiridion of Oblivion", By Emperor Emeritus Imyrr Invictus, the Wayward Avatar (Page 3)

The Foundations of the Third Age

The intervention of Ayar changed more than even most scholars suspect.
When He prevented Entropy and Discord from destroying the worlds, He did
four things. Each of these are significant.

First, He dispersed Entropy and Discord throughout Creation. The reasons
why He did not choose to simply destroy them are obscure, but two
obvious answers present themselves. Either He was not able to destroy
them, or He did not wish to do so. Either way, they were dispersed. Even
today they remain present within Creation, despite a small cleansing
attempted by an incidental goddess late in the Third Age. Their presence
had a profound impact upon the composition of Creation, which had
previously been composed entirely of the five primal elements. Though
dispersed and subdued, their power nevertheless remained the same. They
slowly accelerated the changes within Creation, increasing its vitality
and putting further strain on the elder gods. For this reason the beings
called Celani were brought forth to assist the gods in Their work.

Second, He joined Himself again to Proteus and became Sarapis. This
marked the beginning of the Third Age, and the reason for this change
was simple. The gods who sustain the world derive Their divinity from
the will of Their Creator. With the power of Chaos newly present in the
planes and universes of Creation, They needed the source of Their power
not only to be immediately present and cognisant, but even to be wise,
personable, and approachable in a way that Ayar simply could not be.
Thus was born the Logos.

Third, He created Babel and gave Him dominion over the dispersed Chaos
that was within Creation. Moreover, He charged Babel with the duty of
overseeing the border between the realms and granted Him a special
connection to the Chaos Realm shared by no other being within Creation,
save perhaps Aeon Himself. This act was a recognition by the Creator of
the fact that the balanced Creation He had intended had assumed a new
aspect and character. Because of the very nature of Chaos, it was
impossible for it to interact with Creation on any extended basis
without ultimately destroying it. Despite the efforts of the gods to
channel the transformative power of Chaos, the reality was that each
transition from one moment to another was a transition that moved
Creation further from its original state of cohesion and perfection.
Ayar thus had three options. He could separate the realms, slay Aeon,
and stop time, preserving Creation exactly as it was for eternity, He
could destroy both realms and start over, seeking a better result, or He
could attempt to prolong the existence of Creation for as long as
possible. He chose the third. Thus Babel was created to keep watch on
the progress of Creation's disintegration, not to protect Creation from
destruction, but to ensure that the process of Creation's destruction
took place over as long a period of time as possible.

Fourth, He raised Maya to godhood. As the mother of humanity and the
consort, willing or otherwise, of the Unnamable Horror, She was a focus
for the aspect of Chaos that manifests creatively. Unlike Phaestus or
Scarlatti, who sought to re-shape the substance of the existing elements
into new forms, Her attribute was to literally create new things in a
way that reflected Ayar's own first great work. By recognising and
empowering this creative potential within the Aldar maiden in the act of
making Her a true goddess, Sarapis hoped to counter the destructive
activity of Entropy, Discord, and the things that might come after. In a
way, He was successful. However, even the work wrought by Maya only
served to move Creation away from its original perfection, complicating
the weave and straining the fabric of reality. Finally, some centuries
into the Third Age, She acknowledged the futility of Her work and
withdrew into the dreamy sleep-like dormancy wherein the gods dwell when
They can not bear to look upon the worlds.

Thus a new balance was achieved with the coming of Entropy, Discord,
Sarapis, Babel, and Maya. No longer did the almighty retain any hope
that His great work might last forever. Like grains of sand falling
through an hourglass, the days of Creation were now numbered. Maya and
Her human offspring worked great acts of creation, Sarapis and His elder
gods worked great acts of preservation, and Babel and His charges,
Entropy and Discord, worked their inexorable work of true destruction.
This truth, however, was withheld from many. Even the gods were not told
it, save for those prescient few from whom it could not be hidden.
14:55:21.12 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-read journal291709 page 4
You read what is written on a black leather journal:
"The Enchiridion of Oblivion", By Emperor Emeritus Imyrr Invictus, the Wayward Avatar (Page 4)

Freedom and Power

The basic precepts put forward by the Babelonian priesthood are simple
indeed. By divine revelation, we understand that the world will
inevitably end. Rather than being a terrible and overwhelming thing, we
have found this knowledge to be uniquely liberating. In knowing that
reality will utterly cease, we understand that reality is utterly
meaningless. Nothing will endure. The consequence of all action and
inaction is ultimately nothing.

The chief error of our detractors is to assume that we are trying to end
the world. This is not true. If Creation and Chaos were not aligned to
the destruction of each other from the beginning of time, there would be
nothing we could do to destroy either. We simply know that the world
will end, whether or not we act.

Our message is a message of freedom and liberation. No action has
enduring consequence! All actions are morally equal! "Do as thou wilt,"
for it does not really matter what you do. There is no reason to
restrict your behaviour or live in a way that is different from what
brings you the greatest pleasure.

In light of this knowledge, we reject all systems of honour and morality
as fundamentally useless. No oath rightly binds, no code rightly
restricts, and no law rightly confines. They are all inventions of
mortals or gods, designed for the pleasure of mortals or gods. If they
are not to your pleasure, and if you have the strength, throw them off!

Do not, however, mistake our teaching of freedom for something that is
kind, democratic, equalising, and benevolent. It is unavoidably true
that within the scheme of reality, some agents have more power than
others. The mouse is free to run about where it wishes without
legitimate moral restriction, but the cat is likewise free to eat the
mouse without legitimate moral restriction. Your individual freedom is
inevitably defined by your own power relative to the power of the things
that surround you. The slave, though his actions are not rightly bound
by any moral code, may yet be bound by the whip of his master. This is
the reality of brute power, and it is a reality with which all beings
save the infinite creator must contend.

It is not the Babelonian way to advocate equal freedoms for all beings,
mortal or otherwise. Such equality is impossible, and such a quest is
pointless, for all beings share the same inevitable fate, and their
position in this present world is ultimately as inconsequential as
anything else. When it pleases us to do so, it is sometimes our way to
denounce those who claim their own laws and morals and ethics to be
absolute, for we know that this is false. If we choose to act in this
capacity, it is only from compassion that we do so. Why should our
fellow creatures be bound by the feeble chains of an arbitrary morality
when there is no need? Nevertheless, like everything else, this
signifies nothing.
14:55:27.21 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-read journal291709 page 5
You read what is written on a black leather journal:
"The Enchiridion of Oblivion", By Emperor Emeritus Imyrr Invictus, the Wayward Avatar (Page 5)

The Cult of Babel

The purpose of the Babelonian Priesthood is simple. We exist to perceive
and perform the will of the God of Chaos, Babel, whose will is aligned
with the will of the void. The reason that we do this is dual.

First, we possess in the core of souls a vital and unwavering knowledge
that Oblivion is the only true and perfect form. We have no need of
proof, and we have no need of logic. Our knowledge and our conviction
transcends these, the normal tools of the mind. It is simply something
we know without question. Not everyone possesses this knowledge, which
is the child of true wisdom and the third eye. It is not necessary for
everyone to possess this knowledge. Few are truly called into the
service of Babel.

Second, we understand freedom and power. Though we may throw aside all
the constraints of false morality and live according to our own will,
still we are slaves in some way. For protection from the mighty, we must
swear oaths to the cities. For gold to buy food, we must submit to
labour. Should we will to own a thing, and the one in whose possession
it resides is more powerful than us, then our will becomes meaningless.
Our freedom is constrained by our power relative to the power of those
who would oppose our will, whatsoever that might be.

When we enter into the Babelonian Priesthood, we join our will to the
will of Babel. His wishes become our wishes. His goals become our goals.
His power becomes our power. In this way, our wills become the wills of
gods and our strength becomes the strength of gods.

The will of Babel for the masses is one thing. The will of Babel for His
followers is another. For the masses, the God of Chaos wills vitality
and freedom. He loathes the false constraints instituted by entities
like the Church, and He benevolently wishes a full and well-lived life
to all beings. For His followers, however, He wills purpose. In all
things they are free, except that their wills must always be aligned
with His purposes. Consequentially, He requires the Babelonian
Priesthood to perform His will without question and without reservation.
We are to be an extension of Him -- His hands and tools in the worlds.
For the true Babelonian, this load is no load at all. Enlightenment is
nothing but a transcendent awareness of the working of Chaos. The God of
Chaos is perfectly aware of the working of Chaos. Thus, the more
enlightened we become, the more our minds will agree with the mind of
Babel.

For others, of course, this will seem like a form of slavery. That is
inconsequential. If you can not bear to submit your will to the will of
Babel, then do not. Only those with true conviction should ever seek to
enter the Priesthood.
14:55:33.70 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-read journal291709 page 6
You read what is written on a black leather journal:
"The Enchiridion of Oblivion", By Emperor Emeritus Imyrr Invictus, the Wayward Avatar (Page 6)

The Twin

The sign of the twin has long been one of the sacred signs of Babel,
though its meaning is sometimes misunderstood and misinterpreted.
Indeed, when the Babelonian Priesthood fell into ruins during the long
years at the end of the Third Age, the twin was among the only true
fragments preserved by those few who endeavoured to keep the teachings
and practices of the Priesthood alive.

The true significance of the twin can not be overstated. As a symbol, it
must be understood as a map and a truth that resonates with the very
substance and fabric of Creation. When everything began, when Ayar
became Ayar and called forth reality from the abyss, it was in the shape
of the twin. The twin is Creation and Chaos, parallel, mirroring one
another perfectly. It is a power that echoes down through the ages in
endless repetition. It is Light and Darkness, Male and Female, Good and
Evil, Active and Passive, Time and Space, Change and Continuity.

The true truth of the twin, however, is that it is a lie. Though the two
were intended to be separate, they could not stay thus. They always come
together. Sometimes it happens swiftly. Sometimes it takes centuries.
But when it happens, it happens with consequences. When the Horror met
Maya, it was such a moment. It is no coincidence that She bore twins
from that meeting. When Ayar met Proteus, it was such a moment. When
Servelan met the Unnamable, it was such a moment. When Maya met Makali,
it was such a moment. When the opposites touch, there is always
explosive change.

Consider, then, what the implications of this knowledge are. Creation
and Chaos have touched. They are no longer neatly parallel and
disconnected. They are interacting in an unbalanced way.
14:55:39.51 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-read journal291709 page 7
You read what is written on a black leather journal:
You see nothing written there.
14:55:42.89 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|52] :>-#log off
