"Advanced Ritual", By Lannisar Fitz Devi, the Gilded Page of Sir Archaeon 

   Fitz Devi

                                      _   _
  |                                  (.)_(.)
  |                               _ (   _   ) _
  + \                            / \/`-----'\/ \
  \\.G_.*=.                    __\ ( (     ) ) /__
   `(#'/.\|                    )   /\ \._./ /\   (
    .>' (_--.                   )_/ /|\   /|\ \_(
 _=/d   ,^\
~~ \)-'   '
   / |
  '  '

Table of Contents.............1
Ritual of the Septagram.......2
Defining a Ritual.............3
Symbolism.....................4
Intent........................5
Location......................6
Final words...................7

             RITUAL OF THE SEPTAGRAM

Each chakra, or geann as I prefer is laid out on the star in a specific
pattern that follows a direct line of power forming the seven-pointed
star. The system is based upon starting at the crown geann and moving
downward along said lines. It does not follow a clockwise or
counterclockwise pattern so it may take a while to fix it in the
studenta head.

First, at the northern point of the star is the crown geann,
representing the violet ray and the pineal gland. One therefore places a
violet candle at this location. Next, at the south-southeast point is
the third eye geann, of the indigo ray, which correlates with the
pituitary gland. As one can imagine the series of lines for the
septagram the rest becomes easy to lay out, with the blue geann of the
throat (thyroid gland) places a candle at a northwest position, the
green geann of the heart (thymus gland) to the east, and yellow solar
plexus (pancreas) to the west. Following this the stomach or spleen
geann for the orange ray to the northeast and then finally the red root
geann (gonads, either testes or ovaries) at the south-southwest point.
Once the student has each point laid out in this fashion:
                            


                           Crown

                    throat        stomache

               solar plexus             heart
                    
                   root            pituitary

(One can easily draw a line from crown to third eye, to throat, to
heart, to solar plexus, stomache, root, and back to crown to see the
star.)

Many ritualists would, at this point, begin at the crown chakra, and
work their way down. But the writer has found that to build power,
starting at the root is best. Nascent power, like water, even filling
from the top, builds upwards. So, facing the root, one can invoke it.
This can be as simple as stating it in Lhirjen, if you know it, to
chanting something such as, a invoke the red ray, the root geann!
Continue up the circle in the order of the rays. Red(root) to
orange(stomache or spleen) to yellow(solar plexus/pancreas) to
green(heart/thymus) to blue(throat/thyroid) to indigo(pituitary) to,
finally, violet(pineal).

Once each geann(gate) is invoked, the practitioner should feel a rise in
their own energy. One can at this point either release the gathered
power or use it for a further working.

In the coming pages, this will be examined.

                         Defining Rituals

Rituals can be as complicated or as simple as you wish to make it. The
ritual on the previous page seems fairly complex, but when you look at
it piece-meal it is not as bad.

A ritual is any set of words, gestures, and symbols that have some
meaning to the performer. Now, the obviously means that even the most
trivial of things you do throughout the day can be a ritual. But what
matters most, is the focus and intent you put into it. Bathing is a
daily ritual, at least for some. And it may have the intent of making
sure you dont drive off your compatriots. Thats the intent. The will
would be the focus you put into it to make it effective.

                          Symbolism

The circle in the earlier ritual is meant as a sign of containment. The
ritualist wants to keep their power within that framework. This is
augmented by the seven-pointed star used by the ritualist. Each point
and candle further symbolize a specific thing, in this case, points on a
mortal body that are tied to the seven karmic rays. In Occult circles,
it has been found that all beings have karmic energy. A practitioner of
different skills or abilities may tie in their own working knowledge.

For example, a Runewarden may compose their symbols around the runes
they know and have physical items as symbols of something else. A sword
to cut away what might deceive the eyes, an arrow to pierce to the heart
of truth. Who knows!

                           INTENT

Focusing the ritual ties into what you say and do. As with the prior
example, the ritualist wishes to build power. So, they start at the
base, and build upwards. Invoking each gate, they seek to build up force
within their circle and themselves. This focus is your intent, it is
what moves the energy within yourself to your goal. This is pure
willpower on your part.

                           Location

Where you perform the ritual is another piece of symbolism. It could
have a meaning that is specific to your purpose, or it could just be
somewhere convenient to you. The same goes for participants. If you need
extra people, include them. The previous ritual is rather personal, and
set to a very narrow, specific goal. For your first ritual, this is
likely to also be the case.

                          Final Words

I will leave you with this. Build your ritual around your personal
goals. Do not create something that you think someone else will like.
You will fail. Make something pleasing to you, then you will put more of
your desire and focus into it. Your results may vary.

