"The Imyrrian Rites", By Eldritch Emperor Imyrr Invictus, the Wayward Avatar (Page 1)


This, gentle reader, is a compendium of my work. Within these pages you
will find all, or nearly all, of the rituals I have crafted and
performed, and some of those fathomed, but which await the proper
conjunction of the spheres.

Read and marvel at rites both terrible and wonderous. Come to know the
power of madness, the exhilaration of blasphemy, and through them the
transcendent glory of Chaos.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
-----------------

Foreword...................................page  1

Table of Contents..........................page  2

The Rite of Empowerment....................page  3

Wedding Solymr and Sorantia................page  4

Wedding Katalyst and Diminish..............page  5

My own wedding.............................page  6

Ceremonial Binding of Blood................page  7

The Empowerment of Pazuzu..................page  8

The Reconstitution of Tallaen..............page  9

The Ritual of the Living Spire.............page 10

Ritual of the Living Spire Redux...........page 11

Shattering the Shamtota....................page 12

The Birth of Pythia........................page 13

Contacting Eridu...........................page 14

Babelonian Sacrifice.......................page 15

Returning Endless Hunger...................page 16

Summoning from the Void....................page 17

A leson for Teldrim........................page 18

Rite of Elemental Distortion...............page 19

Rite of Elemental Dissolution..............page 20

            THE RITE OF EMPOWERMENT

It seems only proper that I begin with the ritual that first inspired me
to pursue the labyrinthine mysteries of the High Art. This is the only
ritual penned here that is not of my own design, but its influence in my
life cannot be denied.

This traditional ceremony is held for all aspiring Thaumaturgists, and
is a means to explore the limitless potential offered by the High Art.
The masks serve to reflect the nature of the celebrant's soul, and when
properly imbued, can cow even the mightiest of creatures summoned by
your will.

This, as with many of the subsequent entries, will be presented from the
point of view of the watchers that congregate around our works. Entities
of little power but great memory often serve to provide accurate
accounts of eldritch happenings, if you but know how to invoke their
aid.

Gregg tilts his head down and lifts his own mask to his face, as he
looks back up the mask is firmly secured to his face.

Nolar stares upwards and places his mask onto his face. Methodically, he
ties the leather straps that secure the mask.

Gregg paces around the outskirts of the room slowly, critically
inspecting the masks lining the wall. He selects a few, which he carries
with him on the walk-around. As he lifts the masks, he tosses them
carelessly into the center of the room.

Gregg paces the room a second time, this circle ignoring the masks and
instead concentrating on the candles. He snuffs out the flame of each
candle as he makes his round, dimming the room until he reaches the
final candle which he picks up, letting its flame still burn.

Gregg carries the lone candle to the center of the room where he tossed
the masks. He groups them together into a neat pile, and lights it with
his candle. Letting the masks burn with a low flame.

The flames surge hugely, bright colours flashing within their depths,
sending wildly shifting shadows flickering through the sanctuary.

The flames die down, leaving a pile of black ash where the masks had
been piled.

Gregg bends over the ashs and spreads them into a large circle, stepping
back slowly to examine it.

Gregg nods his head at Imyrr.

Imyrr steps solemnly within the circle, careful not to disturb the ash.

Imyrr arranges the mask carefully within the precise center of the
circle.

Imyrr kneels for a moment, gathering his will. Without warning, he
shoots up and begins to dance around the room. Floating gracefully
across the room, his feet inscribe arcane symbols around the crystal
mask, seven in total.

Imyrr begins to sing as he returns to the first symbol. The notes
resound in the air and with each utterance, the sigil glows brighter. He
continues the strange song until all seven sigils shine with a brilliant
light.

The light of the sigils ripples across the mask, causing rainbow prisms
of light to dance off its crystal surface and sparkle through the air
like tiny shards of glass, or ice.

Imyrr increases the tempo of the song dramatically. As the song gets
faster and faster, so too does he move. Each beat sets the sigils to
pulsing, and soon they strobe in time with the music.

The prisms bounce dizzyingly off every reflective surface in the room,
suffusing the sanctuary with a kaleidoscopic whirlwind of colour in
motion.

Imyrr reaches a crescendo and with a final word, the sigils flare and
shoot into the mask, engraving themselves into the crystal.

Imyrr pants slightly with the exertion and with a triumphant smile,
takes his mask. Gently, he inscribes a single rune into the inside of
the mask, and taking a small pinch, he rubs the ash into the rune.

The many tiny, multicoloured prisms of light dancing throughout the
sanctuary suddenly solidify in midair.

With tiny, tinkling sounds as of many miniature chimes, the solidified
crystals fall to the ground and shatter on impact.

Imyrr whispers a soft, almost unheard incantation to the mask, eyes
alight with the passion of the ritual.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Callipygian Diva chants, "I
stand before you Imyrr...but as I don this mask no longer. May it bring
the best...and the worst out."

A glittering crystal mask hovers in mid-air. Black ash swirls in slow
spirals around the mask, encasing it in a dark cocoon. A brilliant green
light bursts forth from within the cocoon, and the ash dissipates,
allowing the mask to drift slowly down onto the floor.

Imyrr proudly shows off a glittering crystal mask:
Exquisitely shaped from a single massive crystal, this delicate mask has
been carved into an eldritch face. Carefully arched eyebrows curve over
almond shaped slits, the eyeholes of the mask. High, angular cheekbones
enhance the alien countenance of the crystal face. The lips of the mask
part in a sly smile rendered in such detail they almost seem as soft and
supple as living flesh. The edges are faceted in such a way as to
refract light through the face. The cunning stonework causes prismatic
sparkles to dance along the stone, effectively hiding the wearer from
view whenever the slightest light is present.
An incandescent green glow suffuses the mask, seeming to originate from
a small glyph scratched upon it.

Imyrr steps out of the circle and nods solemnly at Sandriel.

Sandriel takes one stride, stepping into the middle of the ash circle.

Sandriel holds his mask at arm's length, the mask's eyes returning his
gaze. His lips begin to move, uttering an inaudible chant.

A scent strongly reminiscent of fresh pine needles and wildflowers
drifts through the air, underpinned by a more subtle and bitter odour
that you cannot quite place.

Sandriel continues his chant, his eyes locked with those of the mask.
His voice slowly grows louder, the last word to be chanted with a
shout's power.

Gregg gives a ritual dagger to The Visionary Sandriel Eruu'Yul,
Thaumaturgic Trainee.

Sandriel brings his mask closer to his person, turning the mask so it
faces down. Taking the dagger in his right hand, he etches a circle
lightly into the inside forehead of the mask, where it wouldnt be seen
during wear. Quickly he finishes the etching, having created a symbol
transcribed in the circle afterwards, a strange rune.

Sandriel kneels down, taking a pinch of ash then rubs it into the newly
carved rune. Standing, he turns to face the gathering.

The Visionary Sandriel Eruu'Yul, Thaumaturgic Trainee says, "I stands
before you... Sandriel Eruu'Yul, buts as I don the mask no longer. Mays
it bring the best... an the worst out."

Sandriel uses the dagger to cut the side of his left thumb, coating the
blade in his blood. Turning the mask to face him once more, he begins
carving what look to be trees and other shrubs onto one side of his
mask. Finished with the carving, he rubs his cut thumb along the newly
carved designs.

Sandriel drops a split visage mask.
A split visage mask hovers in mid-air. Black ash swirls in slow spirals
around the mask, encasing it in a dark cocoon. A brilliant orange light
bursts forth from within the cocoon, and the ash dissipates, allowing
the mask to drift slowly down onto the floor.

Sandriel picks up a split visage mask.

From beneath the hood of the mask, the eyes seem to glow softly: one
green, the other a smouldering red.

Sandriel proudly shows off a split visage mask:
The mask is quite strange, being solid black in colour and as though it
were two masks combined into one. The right half of this mask resembles
a soldier's helmet. A cheek guard extends to the nose, meeting with a
leaf shaped nose guard extending from the forehead of the mask,
concealing the eye in the shadows of an oblong, leaf shaped eye opening.
Should light shine on the cheek guard, one would see images of forests
and hidden forest clearings etched into the metal, the trees and shrubs
twisting and winding up the entirety of the helmeted side. At the nose,
the mask changes from a helmet to a hood. Hidden in the hoods shade is
the distorted image of the left side of a face, the lips and eye locked
in a grimace expressing more pain and sorrow than words ever could.
An incandescent orange glow suffuses the mask, seeming to originate from
a small glyph scratched upon it.

Anila steps lightly into the circle with inhuman grace. Her bare white
arms hold aloft her mask for all to see.

Anila's beautiful alto voice begins to chant as she sways with the
grace of quicksilver.

The siren song echoes with dulcet loveliness throughout the dark,
candlelit chamber.

Anila lowers her arms gracefully, the back of the mask facing towards
her now. A sibilant hiss is heard as her right hand reaches for a ritual
dagger hidden in a sheathe on her right thigh.

Anila wields the dagger and etches an arachaic rune into the mask at the
forehead. Palming the dagger so that you cannot tell where it has gone.
she kneels and takes up a pinch of ash.

Anila gently rubs the ash into the rune inside her mask.

Anila says, "I stand before you... Anila, but as I don the mask no
longer. May it bring the best... and the worst out."

The silvery alloy of the mask seems to turn slowly fluid as it is held
aloft. Although it retains its shape, slender streams of liquid, molten
metal cascade from the mask and down the Siren's arms, coating them with
silver.

Anila drops a silvery mask with reflective eyes.
A silvery mask with reflective eyes hovers in mid-air. Black ash swirls
in slow spirals around the mask, encasing it in a dark cocoon. A
brilliant yellow light bursts forth from within the cocoon, and the ash
dissipates, allowing the mask to drift slowly down onto the floor.

Anila picks up a silvery mask with reflective eyes.

Anila delicately steps out of the circle, nodding to Erhon.

Erhon rolls his neck popping it a bit as he moves to the center of the
circle, hooves clattering in the silence.

Erhon uses his piercing needle and carves something slowly into the
inner face of the mask. Finishing soon after he leans down and runs his
finger in the ash before smudging it into the rune.

Erhon wipes his hand on his kilt, he lifts the mask up to look it in the
eyes.

Erhon Lucoster says, "Chained beyond the waking world you rage against
your bonds, glaring balefully at the world surrounding you. Held in
silence, alone in the dark, looking but not being allowed to touch."

Erhon cants his head slightly and smiles softly at the mask.

Erhon Lucoster says, "Looking in the mirror I see you staring back at
me, begging to be let go... wishing to revel in the experience of being
set free.. running wild before being shackled again. I am nothing
without you, yet I hold you locked away, tearing at your bonds blindly."

In the dusky candlelight, the ivory tusks of the demon mask seem to
slowly lengthen, curving sharply as they grow.

Erhon Lucoster says, "My hate, my rage, my sorrow, my pain, my love, my
lust, my power."

Erhon Lucoster says, "My soul unbound."

Erhon Lucoster says, "I stand before you all, as I don my mask I am
myself yet no longer bound by my own restraints. May it bring out the
best and worst within me."

Erhon drops an ivory demon mask.
An ivory demon mask hovers in mid-air. Black ash swirls in slow spirals
around the mask, encasing it in a dark cocoon. A brilliant orange light
bursts forth from within the cocoon, and the ash dissipates, allowing
the mask to drift slowly down onto the floor.

Erhon picks up an ivory demon mask.

Erhon proudly shows off an ivory demon mask:
Bone-white ivory has been intricately carved into the visage of a
snarling demon. The beast's large furrowed brow meets as a large nose,
nostrils flared in defiance. Both eyes are set in a scowl, shadowed by
dark blue paint to accentuate the brow and sharp cheek ridges. The large
mouth open in a snarl, two tusks jutting from the bottom jaw, both
framed by two smaller tusks on the upper jaw. Another blue swath starts
beneath the lower lip, trailing down to create a goatee.
An incandescent orange glow suffuses the mask, seeming to originate from
a small glyph scratched upon it.

Erhon steps beyond the circle and nods to Gregg.

A thunderous roar issues forth from the mask, the unleashed sound
somehow both savage and triumphant, both enraged and sorrowful, a lament
and an exultation all at once.

Gregg nods to the others, pausing a second to study the ritualists and
their masks.

Gregg Saer'rac says, "We're close the ritual by all linkin hands around
the ash... circlin it to helps spread the ash an diserpse it."

Imyrr takes Gregg's hand and holds his other hand out in fellowship.

Anila holds one of Nolar's hands and grasps Gregg's free one.

Sandriel takes Imyrr's hand and holds his free hand out.

Nolar softly squeezes Anila's hand and takes Sandriel's in his other.

Gregg Saer'rac says, "Ofs course... we hafta have room fer Erhon."

Nolar's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Gregg flashes an unseen grin from behind his mask.

Nolar loosens his grip and takes a step back, making room for the Satyr.

Erhon moves over and grunts at the others, taking the offered hands.

Gregg nods, and begins to sidestep around the ashes slowly.

A pure blue flame flares out of the ground where the circle was traced,
enveloping the ritualists within it.

The flame flickers out. The ash upon the ground has vanished, leaving
the ritualists unharmed.

        Wedding of Solymr and Sorantia:

In the course of every administrator's term in office, weddings are
performed. Generally, they are insipid affairs, but occasionally one
with talent may create something more admirable.

Unfortunately, the watcher enlisted proved inattentive at points, so a
few words have been lost to time.

Sorantia clears her throat in an attempt to gain your attention.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "So,
shall we begin?"

Sorantia nods her head emphatically.

Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "I think so...before the deaths start
hmm?"

Imyrr nods his head at Solymr.

Iaurodur slowly moves forward with Sorantia.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Welcome, all, to the marriage of Solymr and Sorantia. We come to
celebrate the union of what were once polar opposites, but who found
something special within each other. May their Mother, the Lady of
Chaos, watch over them and grant Her blessing to these two."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Now,
if we are all ready, I'd like to ask the bride and groom to step towards
me so we may commence the ritual."
 
Iaurodur gives Sorantia a peck and lets loose of her hand.

Solymr removes himself from the tangle of his family and moves forward
to stand before Imyrr.

Sorantia nods to Imyrr, and steps toward Imyrr, she turns to look toward
Iaurodur, with a slight smile on her face, and then she walks toward
Imyrr, and takes Solymr's hand once she is next to him.

Imyrr's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Imyrr's saucer-like eyes close in deep concentration as he focuses on
the task of manipulating aural energy.

Imyrr opens his eyes and gestures before the couple. A green nimbus of
crackling energy springs forth from between his claws and bathes both
Solymr and Sorantia in its eldrich light. As the energy fades, the
swirling maelstrom of their auras becomes plainly visible to all,
cocooning them in a shroud of colour.

Imyrr turns towards Solymr, eyes glowing with effort, and makes an
intricate pass over the tendril of auric energy. Mimicking the movements
of the claw, the tendril winds itself into a knot about Sorantia's aura.

Imyrr turns towards Sorantia, and makes the same intricate passes, but
reversed. As the tendril starts to twine about Solymr's, a wild spark of
energy flashes between the two tendrils, snatching Sorantia's back.

Imyrr raises his saurian head in astonishment as a low growl emanates
from the writhing spark.

Imyrr ponders the situation.

Sorantia ponders the situation.

Sorantia ponders a portrait locket of Sorantia's profile, wondering if
it would make a suitable subject for a portrait.

Imyrr nods his head at Sorantia.

Sorantia nods her head at Imyrr.

Imyrr takes the locket and with a whispered chant sets it to floating
before the still visible auric tendrils. Suddenly, he rears up onto his
hind legs, massive wings spread to their largest extension. Baring his
fangs, he roars deafeningly at the growling bit of energy. With a burst
of light, the spark jumps from Sorantia's tendril and seeks refuge
within the floating locket.

Imyrr blinks.

Sorantia utters a low "Hmm?" She looks somewhat confused.

Imyrr gives a portrait locket to Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar,
The Vulpes Bellus.

Sorantia's mouth turns up as her face breaks into a smile.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction looks
sceptical and says, "Erm, it seems to have...changed, somewhat."

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, The Vulpes Bellus says, "Oh?"

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Look
for yourself."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "But,
we have other matters at hand."

Imyrr takes a steadying breath and returns to focusing on the
manipulation of the auras of the bride and groom.

Imyrr weaves his claw in an delicate pattern over Sorantia's auric
extension; the tendril, free from the influence of the vulpine spirit,
eagerly twines about Solymr's at Imyrr's behest.

Imyrr croons gently and the twined knot of auric energy ascends
gracefully to the Golden Apple floating overhead. Sorantia and Solymr,
pulled along by their auras, float just off of the ground, looks of
ecstasy etched on both of their faces.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction smiles and
says,"Recite your vows, in this holy place, bathed in the essence of the
Lady of Chaos."
 
Sorantia nods her head emphatically.

Solymr nods his head emphatically.

Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "Shall the bride or myself speak first?"
 
Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Let
the groom speak first."
 
Solymr nods his head emphatically.
 
Sorantia smiles creeps across her face and she looks to Solymr, into the
eyes, her head tilts as she listens.
 
Solymr turns to face Sorantia, the smile on his face growing as his eyes
lock with hers.
 
Imyrr tilts his head and listens intently to Solymr.

Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "It has been many years since we have
started our dance, the dance of love. There have been good and bad times
over the decades we have had together, and I will stand forever at your
side for many many more."

Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "If you would have me, I wish to be with
you as a husband, to love you and to cherish you and to treasure you as
you surely deserve. Your spirit and mine, locked forever through the
ebbs of time."

Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "Sorantia Kaimelar, I swear upon the the
blood of my forefathers that I will be yours always, that I will never
stray from your side and shall be there in times of need and want."
 
Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "Do you, Sorantia, accept this vow I make
to you?"

Sorantia smiles as tears start to build up in her eyes and nods slowly
at Solymr.
 
Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "Yes, I
proudly accept it.."
 
Iaurodur's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Imyrr's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction smiles and
says, "Now that we've heard the groom's declaration of loves in his
vows, let us hear the bride."

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "Solymr
Ibn Wali Barad..and certain family name that shall
remain...unmentioned..."

Sorantia coughs softly.

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "It's
been so many years since I've first seen you, so long time ago...as far
as the day of the Guilds, When I've first seen you as a young Novice,
I've watched you as I watched many others out of curiosity.."
 
Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "At
first, many saw us to be total opposite, as the way we treated each
other, but to be honest, I've laughed...you were silly, and you made me
laugh...and then when we approached to dark times...you became the
golden apple that guided me through that time.."

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "Even
when I least expect it...Ever since then, I've always loved you, despite
the times we went through...and now...this day has come...at long
last.."
 
Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "Solymr,
right now, nothing would make me happier than to be your wife, if you
would take me. I will love you, I will cherish you, I will treat you as
my most precious. I will spread chaos and discord and entropy with you,
forever, and ever..Through Chaos.."

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says, "Solymr
Ibn Wali Barad, I swear upon the blood of my family, and upon my life,
and my soul that I will be yours, and that I will never stray from you,
that I will always be there for you..."

Erisian Sapphire, Sorantia Kaimelar, Black Rose of Chaos says,
"Solymr...do you accept my vow?"
 
Solymr, a minion of Eris says, "I do, with every fibre of my being. I
gladly accept."
 
Sorantia's mouth turns up as her face breaks into a smile.
 
Imyrr smiles softly as the ritual vows are spoken. As the words fade
from the air, a rising tension can be felt. The Golden Apple pulses and
with the sound of a pealing bell, Solymr and Sorantia descend back to
the pinnacle of the Pyramid, their auras recoiling and striking each in
the eyes.
 
The melodious chiming of wedding bells ring out, celebrating the binding
of Solymr's hand to Sorantia's in matrimony!

Euria cheers wildly!

Iaurodur beams broadly.

Mariella gives Solymr a compassionate hug.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Let
all now be witness, Solymr and Sorantia are officially wed!"

With a swift negation, Imyrr causes the auras to fade back into
invisibility. The knot shining brightly before vanishing from sight.

            The Wedding of Katalyst and Diminish:

Sadly, though we planned the reflective evocations for months before the
wedding, the ceremony itself was held in such haste as to make summoning
a watcher unfeasible. However, as the two are held in high esteem by the
Occultists, and I helped them develop their rites, their union is
included.

This is the wedding ceremony as recalled from my own admittedly hazy
memory.

I said, "We come to witness the union of two beloved Archons. Bolstered
by Ashuran honour; bound in Chaos; they stand before us as true Ashtani
- strengthened by their beliefs and trials, matched only in their love
for one another."

I said, "One nestled in the subtle reflection of Dreams."

Closing her eyes and whispering softly for a moment, Diminish invokes
the Black Swan, Who smiles upon her endeavour. Raw, unformed Dreams
coalesce into a halo of shimmering energy around her hands, which she
carefully moulds and hands to her beloved Katalyst.

I said, "One contained within the burning fury of battle."

Placing the smouldering wisps on the anvil of his will, Katalyst raises
his hammer high and begins forging the stuff of Dreams. Ever so slowly,
twin rings become visible beneath the onslaught.

I said, "These rings, like the love they represent, are works that
demand constant effort. Though they are joined, let the forging of the
rings serve as a reminder to us all that such attachment is not easily
found, nor is it easy to retain."

Here are Katalyst and Diminish married by my authority.

As Diminish and Katalyst bask in their nuptial glow, the hammer
continues to shape their wedding bands unwielded. In slow gradations the
hammer and rings fade from view, ultimately vanishing while the
lingering peals of forging echo through the air.


My wedding to Flair, Prophet of Babel:

Though we are as different as two Occultists may be, the wedding proved
inevitable. At least the spousal abuse is considered mundane.

Chamber of True Enlightenment.
The roof of this octagon-shaped room reaches extremely high and is
covered with a glass dome. In the centre of the swirling black and red
marble floor is a mosaic tile of a multi-coloured nine-pointed star.
Three marble columns extend from the floor to the glass dome. Sculpted
into the inward side of each of the marble columns is the face of a
patrician woman. Spaced equally about the room are elaborate urns filled
with dried rose petals and strange spices, filling the chamber with an
oddly exhilarating fragrance. A marble pedestal stands proudly here. A
runic totem is planted solidly in the ground. A thick stone slab stained
with dried blood looms here, tainting the area with the profane worship
of Babel. Mordanyconus stands here, three ruby-red eyes gleaming in his
tanned face. A nebulous water weird is here. A swarm of bees hovers
menacingly nearby. A stone gargoyle flies overhead on leathery, grey
wings. Cauthorn is here, vines undulating about his form. He wields a
sharpened quarterstaff in both hands. Crystal Carver Mado Vallah, Master
of the Elements is seated here. He wields an elemental staff in his left
hand and a Shield of Absorption bearing the House arms of the Warlocks
of the Rising Phoenix in his right. Unnamed Jikuim is here. Amunet
Viatrix Shiva is here. Botanical Wildcrafter, Lucald Medenle is here. He
wields a Druidic quarterstaff in both hands. The Red Dragon Diminish's
imposing form looms. Overseer Zambuk is riding on a stone gargoyle.
Archdragon Katalyst Rozzan is here. Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr
Rousseau, Angel of Destruction is here. He wields a blazing fire orchid
in his right hand.
You see a single exit leading east.

Archdragon Katalyst Rozzan says, "Here comes the groom!"

Mordanyconus says, "Shall I bring Flair here?"

Flair arrives from the east.

Mordanyconus says, "There we are."

Amunet says to Mordanyconus in a chic, liquored voice, "Quickly. Tie him
down so he can't escape."

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Glad you could make it."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says to Imyrr,
"You've very welcome."

Flair greets Mordanyconus with a sincere smile.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says to Mordanyconus,
"I've missed you."

Flair's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Mordanyconus says, "Apparently not that much, judging from how late you
are."

Mordanyconus gives Flair the once-over, eyeing him suspiciously.

Mordanyconus says, "I cannot promise, by the way, that any of these
spells will not do incredible amounts of damage to those present."

Mordanyconus says, "They are entirely untested."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says to Imyrr, "You
would want to get married here."

Taraus smiles with a wink and says to Mordanyconus with a throaty,
lyrical accent, "A pleasure to be recongized as having the biggest, and
brassiest, around."

Imyrr smiles and says to Flair in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Shall
we?"

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says to Imyrr, "Well,
I love you so why not."

Imyrr's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "Though I'd
just as soon kill you most of the time."

"Awwwww!" Katalyst says.

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "When everything began, when
Ayar became Ayar and called forth reality from the abyss, it was in the
shape of the twin. The twin is Creation and Chaos, parallel, mirroring
one another perfectly. It is a power that echoes down through the ages
in endless repetition. It is Light and Darkness, Male and Female, Good
and Evil, Active and Passive, Time and Space, Change and Continuity."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "The true truth
of the twin, however, is that it is a lie. Though the two were intended
to be separate, they could not stay thus. They always come together.
Sometimes it happens swiftly. Sometimes it takes centuries. But when it
happens, it happens with consequences. When the Horror met Maya, it was
such a moment. When Ayar met Proteus, it was such a moment. When
Servelan met the Unnamable, it was such a moment. When Maya met Makali,
it was such a moment. When the opposites touch, there is always
explosive change."

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Flair, I do not believe
that there could be any as opposite as we. On the one hand, beauty and
grace. On the other, ruin and decay."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "I destroy when
you tend to heal."

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "I am tactful and you are
brazen."

A faint, shimmering aura of emerald begins to form around Imyrr.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "You are
eloquent when I speak my heart."

Violet light begins to spark and crackle around Flair.

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "I'm productive and you are
a drunk."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "I'm humble
when you are a preening, self-centered lizard."

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "My works are deliberate and
artistic. Yours are just as likely to blow you to pieces."

The green light around Imyrr intensifies and starts to slowly revolve
around him.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "I'm think and
you're putting on a few."

The purple energy about Flair grows and spins around him like a tornado.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "Thin, even."

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "I am elegant. You are
crude."

The violet and emerald energies pulsing through Flair and Imyrr's auras
become blinding as they spin faster. Tendrils of power begin to creep
from the auras of both men, reaching out toward each other even as they
pierce the heavens.

Flair's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Imyrr shuffles over to Flair and shyly takes his hand in his own.

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "When there is a union of
opposites there are always dramatic consequences."

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Bereft of Sense says, "Woe to the
enemies of Oblivion. Together we are Chaos."

With a thundering crack felt deep within your bones, the towering
pillars of aural energy that surround the two Occultists merge in an
explosion of discordant colour that batters your unprepared perception.
Imyrr has been slain by Chaotic power.

Flair has been slain by Chaotic power.

In the wake of the explosion, threads of the Weave wither away to reveal
an awesome vista of alien majesty, its maddening angles vanishing and
appearing into dimensions unknown against the roiling backdrop of a
foreign sky.

Radiant beams of energy lance from within the tear to illuminate the
city, casting its buildings and its people into alternate states of
transparency and opacity. The fabric of reality flickers for a moment
before sealing itself once more.

Note: The vision of the true nature of the multiverse may have driven
the attendees mildly insane.


CEREMONIAL BINDING OF BLOOD

Many of the unwashed masses assume the progression of a bloodline is
merely the result of vulgar rutting, as if we were confined to the least
part of us: the body.

The truly enlightened, however, know that through Chaos, all things are
possible, and the creation of a scion takes little but an act of will
and the proper tools.

Imyrr bows his head and chants softly beneath his breath.

Heavy silence descends upon the room at Imyrr's request.

Imyrr snaps his head up, eyes wholly subsumed by emerald flame.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of destruction says, "We
come to forge ties of blood, the blood is the life, through which flows
Chaos."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction smiles and
says, "I will make a few small wounds, they will hurt, but not for
long."

Treyak nods his head at Imyrr.

Tendrils of every hue imaginable snake around Imyrr's forearm and gather
into his hand, coalescing into a brilliant dagger of coruscating light.

Imyrr trails the dagger along his right arm, and draws a sigil in the
air with the still dripping blade.

Sharp pain sears Treyak's nerves as the dagger flashes against his skin,
and another sigil appears before the first.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Powers of Chaos, you are summoned to bear witness."

A roiling mass of Chaos forms overhead, expectation thrumming visibly
through it.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Today, I have a son, Treyak Rousseau!"

Discordant energy flares from the Chaos above and strikes the sigils.
Blinding light fills your vision as the sigils merge and rocket into you
both.

Treyak's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Treyak says, "Wow."

Treyak says, "That was excellent."

Imyrr's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Odd sensations flow through their veins as the two Occultists feel the
familial bond strengthen and grow.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction, smiles and
says, "Born of blood and Chaos, welcome, Treyak Rousseau."

Treyak says, "Thank you."

Treyak bows respectfully to Imyrr.

With a thankful wave from the Atavian, the mass of Chaos disperses into
nothing, and the silence lifts from the room.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Oh!"

Treyak says, "Oh?"

Imyrr passes a hand over Treyak's wounds and as verdant sparks dance
across them, they heal seamlessly


THE EMPOWERMENT OF PAZUZU

At times, it behooves the practitioners of Chaos to remind our enemies
of the foolishness of their opposition. In this instance, we summoned
Lord Taug to the desert, bound him to our will with blood, and empowered
him with a relic of his prior reign.

The watcher invoked here arrived too late to witness Flair perform the
summoning, as well as the binding I placed upon him with my blood and
sacrificed scales. What follows is a record of his empowerment.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says in a
regal, resonant voice, "I believe, Lord Taug, we had a bargain."

Taug's voice echoes around you, as if emanating from another plane.
"Now.. The sceptre.. I must be re-attuned to its aural powers..."

Demiurge Sorantia Caderyn, the Magister of Chaos says, "Indeed..."

Sorantia gives the sceptre of Chaos to Lord Taug.
Lord Taug wraps his massive, taloned hands around the sceptre's ivory
shaft, and raises it high over his head.

Lord Taug begins to chant his victory in an alien, high-pitched voice.

The sand underfoot begins to skitter and shift as the ground rumbles and
vibrates.

After much exhortation and instruction, we proceed to the empowerment
proper:

Demiurge Sorantia Caderyn, the Magister of Chaos says, "First is Blood
letter, Blood savour Grant your powr to the Infernal raver."

Sanguine light pools around Lord Taug's feet and slowly begins to crawl
up his body.

Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan says with a chic, liquored Ashtani
accent,"Hunter strong, hunter fast. Raise this being to the highest
caste."

Extending from within the aura of crimson light, amber energy sweeps up
and around Taug's waist.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, the Hand of Pazuzu says, "Mind
bender, shadow walker. Hid the steps of the Infernal stalker."

Saffron light wells up from the torso of the ancient demon, merging with
the orange ambiance swirling around his waist.

Whiskers of Mirth, Alice Ze'Dekiah, Bureaucratic Kitten says in a
chipper, girlish voice, "Dark lady, cauldron bearer, may your wielder
reign in terror."

Verdant power blossoms from the centre of Taug's chest as the spectrum
of energy progresses ever upwards.

Sandriel Eruu'Yul says, "Whirling dervish, madcap flight, obey the
prince of aerial might."

Flowing from his throat, cerulean light shimmers and progresses across
Taug's face as it too becomes visible.

Castor Alioth says in a low, coarse voice, "Deepest secrets, mystic
power. Infuse your bearer in this hour."

Burning with indigo effulgence, Taug's head blazes with eldritch power.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction exclaims in
a regal, resonant voice, "Soul dominion, sole desire. Fill his being
with Chaos' fire!"

Violent energy pours forth from the crown of Taug's skull, completing
the aural spectrum.

A blinding flash of light accompanies Taug's transformation, bringing
his form into full reality.

A dark, unholy silhouette streaks across the sky above the Mhojave
Desert. Massive, bat-like wings cast their shadow across the firmament
as a deep, booming laugh echoes ominously throughout the realms.

You see Lord Taug shout, "The Holy Church has piqued my curiosity,
brought me from slumber, and found themselves worthy of my wrath. The
proponents of Chaos have restored a fraction of my once-great power.
Tremble now, mortals of creation!"

The massive form of Lord Taug claps his hands, generating a sound like
thunder, his Infernal eyes ablaze with anticipation.

Shadow falls over the land as dark purple clouds roll across the sky,
heavy and thick. An eerie silence descends upon Sapience as the clouds
gather, roiling above Shallam.

With the fury of a hurricane, the storm rends the sky. Lightning streaks
down from the gathered clouds, tearing at the minarets gracing the
palace and Basilica.

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction booms from
near the heights of attainment, "Thus always to those who think
themselves masters of that over which they have no control and less
understanding."

Amid the bloody hurricane that drowned the damned pyre of the Anointed
and the joyous slaughter of Shallamese citizens, Lord Taug shouts, "Feel
the wrath of Chaos, citizens of Light!"

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, the Hand of Pazuzu shouts, "You'll
think twice about burning libraries now."

Taug was eventually slain, but not before dragging many Shallamese
screaming into death.


THE RECONSTITUTION OF TALLAEN

Tallaen was an interesting girl. Bright in her studies of the Occult,
but somewhat reckless, she plumbed depths that were best left for the
more experienced and paid a terrible price. One such experiment was an
invocation of Destruction. Though warned against it by the Durga,
Tallaen proceeded and was consumed. Raksha Makali is a benevolent
goddess, though, and eventually returned Tallaen from Her realm along
with a beautiful white lotus. Whether Her gift was prescient or merely
serendipitous I leave to interpretation.

This is the ritual used to restore her soul, claimed by Jy'Barrak
Golgotha during another of Tallaen's ill-fated experiments, to existence
on the Prime Material Plane. Let it serve to remind you, gentle reader,
that even the Emperor can be bested, but also that even the most learned
can make mistakes.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Ok,
then let us begin."

Imyrr gathers himself and at some unheard cue springs into an energetic
dance.

Imyrr defines an infectious beat with his feet and approaches Amunet
with a grin on his face. Snapping his fingers in a stark counterpoint,
he twirls around Amunet, leaving behind a glimmering trail of energy.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction sings,
"Sabbah Lakad, Ai qenna Xxi."

Imyrr grins wickedly and executes a stunning pirouette, completing the
first sigil. With a graceful gesture, he invites Amunet to take up the
reins of the diagram.

Amunet steps forward and gesticulates in a commanding matter, barking
several words in a foreign tongue before closing her eyes in
concentration.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction sings,
"Veytal ulo nninn kapi mairu."

Imyrr continues on with his dance, but as he approaches Sorantia he
slows and his movements become serpentine.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Eaudal lil dagra e'talavey dys dravey."

Imyrr's arms undulate, wrist to elbow, while in perfect harmony his hips
transcribe a vertical figure eight.

Imyrr glides around Sorantia still trailing an evanescent glow. As Imyrr
completes the circle, he brings his arms up above his head, crossed at
the wrists. He locks eyes with Sorantia and spins slowly once before
stopping, the sigil complete.

Sorantia approaches the sigil, then crosses her arms as she peers to the
sigil, and then speaks in a foreign commanding tone toward the sigil,
and then bows her head and closes her eyes in concentration.

Imyrr once again picks up the tempo and strides across to Efthimis in a
fast shimmy, the crystals on his belt tinkling in time with the beat.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction sings,
"Kholaxx Thio darlok nni ulo isa."

Imyrr rolls the shimmy upwards from his hips to his shoulders as he
inscribes the final sigil around Efthimis. Finishing the design, he
spins once, twice, thrice, and goes into a deep standing backbend.

Imyrr drops to the floor in a swift, deliberate action, yet retaining
the defined curve of his back. In a movement that belies the presence of
a spine, he undulates his chest upwards until he is sitting on his
knees, chest up, and face stoic.

Efthimis goes near the sigil, talks in a foreign tongue and then he
closes his eyes in concentration.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction sings, "Ral
isa xxal lasa mikhaz."

"CRACK".

Simultaneously, a razor thin line of energy slices through the air
before Imyrr.

Stretching from floor to ceiling, the line warps the fabric of reality
around it, as ripples disturb the surface of a pond.

Gathering his will, Imyrr stretches forth his hands to either side of
the line and with visible effort, begins to widen the gap between them.

Sweat beads his forehead at the effort, muscles quivering with tension
as the line begins to widen along its horizontal axis.

Imyrr utters a wrenching cry to marshal his mental resources and with a
supreme effort, forces the line of energy to widen into a rhomboid pane.

As the pane reaches a state of relative stability, images flash across
its surface.

Massive gates soar into view and pass by in the blink of an eye. In the
distance, a massive volcano dominates the landscape and a mournful howl
reeking of torment and misery reverberates through your bones.

Flying up the face of the volcano, the vision continues to a figure
seated on an Infernal Throne.

Just before his massive, sixteen foot frame is fully defined, JyBarrak
Golgotha's eyes smolder with a burning red light and the pane flares
with an ebony radiance that consumes the room in the darkness of the
ultimate Void.

The only points of reference remaining are the three sigils still
glowing with an almost defiant brilliance.

Imyrr almost collapses as control of the pane is violently wrested from
him.

Cutting through the absolute shadow that pervades the garden, two red
eyes appear, and the dimly glowing outline of the energy pane becomes
barely visible.

The voice of Golgotha reverberates around the room. "We have heard you,
Taji, and will humour your request. However, be warned Our patience is
short. What is this bargain you seek with Us?"

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Thank You for tolerating my pleas, Your Imperial Majesty."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "I
humbly request the return of a soul bequeathed to You."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "That
of Tallaen Saer'rac."

A feeling of tension crackles in the air as Golgotha's smoldering eyes
narrow.

Golgotha's voice rises with ire, "On what grounds do you ask for such a
thing? A soul is a rare commodity. What do you have that would
compensate Us for the loss of a soul?"

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "I do
not know how, as I am no oneiromancer, but during my long sleep I had a
dream."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "In
it, Tallaen came to me."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Her
appearance was brief, but she managed one word."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Help."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "I
can only guess she desires to return to the Prime Material Plane."

Imyrr takes a deep breath.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "I
offer in exchange that which you accept for other bargains - karma."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"However, given the extreme value of her soul, I offer you all the karma
my mortal frame can contain."

Golgotha's crimson eyes stare implacably at Imyrr, radiating a sense of
deep judgment.

A wicked grin spreads across Golgotha's face. "Very well. We will accept
your offer and grant you her soul. However, a suitable vessel must be
prepared for the transfer of your karma to Us."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "We
possess access to an item used to grant you unrefined karma."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Allow me to fill it to its brim with the unbridled power of true karmic
knowledge!"

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction looks
thoughtful and says, "However, we must find a way to retrieve it."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction looks
undecided and says, "Do any of you have suggestions as to how we can
retrieve the chalice used in the Ero ritual?"

After a brief discussion, the assembled ritualists decide and proceed.

A distant rumble issues forth from within the mirror, as Golgotha's eyes
burn with impatience.

Amunet Stryganis says to Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel
of Destruction, "Let's do it."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Ok."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "Sora
why don't you lead the drawing of the pentagram?"

Sorantia nods her head emphatically.

Lady of the Black Rose, Sorantia Caderyn, The Erisian Ruby says, "Please
clear from the center of the room."

Imyrr steps back.

Amunet steps back from the centre of the room, standing beside Imyrr.

Sorantia she goes to the center of the garden, and grabs a rather large
chalk from her pack, and she kneels on the ground, begins to draw a
large pentagram along the ground, from one point to another, going
clockwise, and as she finishes, she draws a rather large circle around
the edge of the pentagram.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says,
"Let's focus on the chalice."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says, "All
of you, repeat after me."

Imyrr incants "Nnis" and Amunet, Nijias, Sorantia, and Efthimis follow
suit.

A chalice materialises from thin air, hovering silently here.

Imyrr drops to one knee, demonstrating his humility and respect.

Bowing his head, Imyrr channels his karma into his aura and directs it
into the basin of the goblet.

Tendrils of prismatic light surround him, ascending from the floor to
spiral around him and twine about his limbs. As the light travels
upwards, it grows more luminous until at the crown of Imyrr's head it
rivals the noonday sun.

With a resolute gesture, Imyrr lets out one long, measured breath, and
claps his hands together.

At the sound, the light is drawn as if into a vacuum into the waiting
goblet. Cerulean liquid rises to the brim immediately, pulsing with
arcane power.

The goblet shines with a rainbow light for one brief, glorious moment,
then vanishes into the ether.

The voice of Golgotha reverberates around the room. "Your offer is
received. Take your prize, mortal."

The infernal glow of the smoldering eyes dims, and a ghostly radiance
lights the gloom as the ethereal image of Tallaen becomes visible. Imyrr
holds the lotus with both hands and presents it to the soul. A tangible
sense of relief fills the garden as the soul rushes towards the beauty
of the ivory petals.

Just as the soul reaches the lotus blossom, red light once again flares
as the eyes return and a translucent claw shoots from the pane. With
talons sharp enough to cleave spirit from flesh, the gleaming scythes
tear asunder the delicate fabric of Tallaen's soul, claiming a portion
for the Emperor.

A twisted laugh resounds through the chamber as the pane shifts back to
its brilliant state, both eyes and claw vanishing before your eyes.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction exclaims
"No! This is not what we agreed! I bargained for her soul!"

The voice of Golgotha reverberates around the room. "Aaah, but the state
of that soul was never part of the agreement! Would you rescind your
part of the bargain and have Us claim her again? I assure you, this
time, We would not be so easily persuaded to part with her."

Imyrr throws his head back and shrieks with frustration. Brilliant
verdant lightning wreathes his frame and crackles around him, leaving
the acrid tang of ozone hanging in the air.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says sadly
"No, Your Imperial Majesty, I will not tempt You further. Come,
brethren, let us see what we can make of this sad turn of events."

It is decided that, with the soul recovered, the ritual would best be
completed within the Chamber of Aural Harmony, and so the ritual
proceeds.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "We
need to reconstitute Tallaen into a physical body. In order to do so, we
need to tie her soul to the physical plane once again. I believe the
best way to accomplish this is to work our way through the aural
spectrum, and hopefully bridging the gap between soul and flesh."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "You
three place the sigils once more into their formation. We need a safe
space in which to work."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "The
rest of you, I will chant the invocation for each of the aural centres,
or chakras, in turn. Please continue to chant it after I finish until I
begin the next one. Hopefully each colour will be readily apparent as it
is tied to this lotus. That will be your cue that the next chant will
soon be coming, so please, pay attention, and do not chant for a chakra
we've successfully imbued."

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "Lord
Glaaki, if you see something amiss, or if you see a place where you may
be of assistance, I would be very grateful for your intervention."

Imyrr takes a deep breath to steady himself and places the lotus on the
centre of the mosaic.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "All
right. Let's begin. Sigil holders, place the sigils. Chanters, be
ready."

Invoke the magic upon which they have been concentrating, Amunet,
Efthimis, and Sorantia call the sigils to them, setting them once again
in place in a protective ward.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Dawwru"

A clean, brilliant red light permeates the chamber, emanating from the
embedded gem. Vitality floods your system and you bathe in the sanguine
glow.

Imyrr focuses his will and shapes the light into the beginnings of a
human form. The wispy shape pulses with a semblance of life as more
energy is poured into it.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Dawwru echoes in the
chamber.

A crimson spark leaps from the lotus to the figure hovering just above
its petals. As the connection is made the simulacrum wavers and is drawn
into the flower, tinting it the shade of newly spilt blood.

The red light fades away as the energy is fully absorbed by the lotus,
and you feel the arcane vitality drain from you.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Jahih."

A ghastly orange light radiates from the next gem embedded into the
mosaic. Visions of cities built according to alien geometry flare before
your eyes, populated by beings too terrible to comprehend, even to those
inured to the Occult Mysteries.

Imyrr trembles before the onslaught of the visions, but holds fast to
his manipulation of the energy. A sharply defined coil of energy springs
into being above the lotus, spinning at an exponentially increasing
rate.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Jahih echoes in the
chamber.

Spinning faster and faster, the coil of energy shines like burnished
gold. As the chanting reaches a crescendo, it collapses into a pinprick
of auric light and descends like a drop of dew onto the centre of the
lotus.

Sighing with relief, you take stock of your mental faculties as the
light fades, taking the disturbing visions with it.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Budmi."

Moving along the spine of the mosaic, the third gem emits waves of power
coloured a vibrant yellow. Your focus telescopes the ritual, nothing
else intrudes upon your awareness. While your concentration never
wavers, you find it difficult to bring anything else to mind.

Imyrr's body becomes as still as cast metal, the only hint of life
coming from the light refracting through his feathers. Focusing so
completely on the forces in play, he hardly seems to breathe.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Budmi echoes in the
chamber.

A multifaceted crystal of pure amber force forms just above the lotus.
Slowly, stately, it revolves. As it reaches its third gyre, it stops and
in a trice bursts into innumerable shards that fall and are absorbed by
the delicate petals of the lotus.

As the gem's light dissipates, your focus widens and you appreciate the
breadth of your knowledge once more.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Qitwavey

Twinkling emerald stars shimmer into being above the central gem of the
mosaic. Each verdant mote leaves a brief afterimage in the air as it
passes, and as the gentle light fills your vision, a sense of peace and
contentment settles upon you.

Imyrr smiles happily as he revels in the energy so bound to his being.
With a languid gesture, he traces a small sigil above the lotus and
watches as the viridian light flows like water into the lines of the
diagram.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Qitwavey echoes in the
chamber.

Halting their procession around the chamber, each star freezes in place
and shines increasingly brighter. As their glow continues to increase,
lines of energy spring forth from each, connecting them all in an
intricate lattice of power with a focal point directly above the sigil
recently constructed.

A brilliant line of emerald force shoots out of the sigil and into the
lotus, pouring enormous power into its tiny frame.

The last of the stars wink out of existence, but the peace and
contentment linger for long moments after the last of them disappear.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Hilo."

Cerulean light shines from the fifth gem ascending the spine of the
tiled figure, caressing your mind with tantalising formulae as hints of
dazzling new intellectual horizons open before you.

Imyrr sits with legs folded beneath him and uses his enhanced
consciousness to better focus the energy crackling through the air.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Hilo echoes in the
chamber.

Dancing blue flames burst into life upon the petals of the lotus,
providing illumination but emitting no heat. The petals quiver with a
semblance of life and float serenely off of the floor of the chamber.

Suddenly the flames leap off of the flower, twine together into one
massive tongue of flame, and dive back into the lotus. Within the space
of a heartbeat the blue light fades, yet the lotus remains airborne.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Jojers"

Indigo light casts the chamber into alien hues, contours taking on
another dimension as the energy alters your perceptions.

Imyrr stands and walks to the floating lotus to place his hands just
above its petals, channeling the forces of the penultimate chakra into
the flower.

The Occultists echo Imyrr's cry and the mantra Om Jojers echoes in the
chamber.

Your perceptions shift yet again as the Indigo waves wash over you, and
as your eyes focus, you see the image of a ghostly siren cupping the
lotus blossom in her hands.

The Indigo light leeches from the room to be slowly absorbed by the
petals. While the planes and hues of the chamber return to normal, the
woman remains visible, though translucent.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants, "Om
Witaze"

Rather than a single colour, the whole spectrum of the mortal aura
springs forth from mosaic. Strobing from one wavelength to the next,
intertwining, interweaving, into a maddeningly beautiful display, the
bands of light coalesce around the siren and her lotus blossom.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says "Now,
Occultists, witness the power of the aura, and aid me in restoring this,
our sister, to her rightful place on this plane!

Amunet, Efthimis, and Sorantia, grasping the necessity of the moment,
relinquish their command over their sigils to Imyrr.

Imyrr swiftly constructs one final sigil and with a forceful gesture
causes the three sigils maintained by the stalwart efforts of their
wardens to rocket into it.

A wondrous explosion of sound and light erupts from the impact, and when
it fades, Tallaen stands whole once more.

Malevolent laughter rings throughout the chamber as the pane of energy,
forgotten in the hue and cry of the aural manipulation releases its
sable radiance one more.

The voice of Golgotha reverberates around the room. "You and yours have
completed your task, but now, learn the price for disturbing Us, and
daring to barter over souls with Those who embody the might of Chaos!"

Terrible claws scythe through the pane and clutch Imyrr in their dread
grasp. A look of horror crosses the atavian's face as he is torn from
the Prime Material Plane and the portal collapses to the final echoes of
the Emperor's mocking laughter.

What followed for me was too terrible to convey, but know that the wrath
of Jy'Barrak Golgotha is excruciatingly creative. If not for the
intervention of Dameron, I would be trapped in the torture pits still.


THE RITUAL OF THE LIVING SPIRE

This is quite possibly my magnum opus. It took years of painstaking
research to piece together the proper chants, to translate the words
into the proper tongue, to learn the precise means to manipulate each of
the Rays in the correct manner. It then took a great many more years of
training and attuning nearly two dozen Occultists to make certain that
we would be able to seize the opportunity when the stars were right.

For nearly a decade we planned and we waited, with nary a whisper of our
intent escaping into the world at large. When the time arrived, the
world would be shattered, albeit not entirely in the manner foreseen.

Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan chants, "Dawwru, nnid veybala khaaren -
Nnis!"

Amunet's chant echoes in the air as claret lightning arcs from her to
the spire.

Executor Astidios Tatharin, Arbiter of Chaos chants, "Jahih, mrim ulo
khahja - Nnis!"

Astidios's eyes blaze with an ochre fire that flares out across the air
to set the spire ablaze.

Treyak Rousseau chants, "Budmi, zhiraple veyexx - Nnis!"

Treyak raises a hand and sends a razor thin beam of amber light to
pierce the heart of the spire.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants,
"Qitwavey, rakh e'lil mizsauldrilpien - Nnis!"

Imyrr raises emerald-wreathed hands as, echoing his movement, verdant
rings ripple up the tapered spire.

Tallaen Saer'rac, Mystic of the Flames chants, "Hilo, oaon e'qrawhis -
Nnis!"

Tallaen emits a blue light and bows her head and jerks one hand up.
Cerulean spears pierce the air around the spire before merging with the
pulsating energies surrounding it.

Thenidiel Shiva chants, "Jojers, taji e'lil jikha - Nnis!"

Thenidiel casts her gaze at the peak of the spire and is answered by a
low rumble from beneath the ground. Mists of an ethereal indigo hue pour
forth from the crater, shrouding the spire from view.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu chants, "Witaze,
lir'asa e'tarzulapha - Nnis!"

Flair claps his pale hands together and with a rush of violet energy,
the spire is consumed in a brilliant white light.

An eldritch tone sounds deafeningly from the spire, quickly followed by
a maddening cacophony.

Magistrate Wintermute Cayce, Occultic Thanatologist says, "Ois Ai balbau
lo drao ulo Ekawr, ord lil khata zhue Ekawr!"

Reaching a fevered pitch, the bedlam rumbling through the crater
shatters the calmness of the sky overhead.

Tearing the sky asunder, an ever-increasing vortex of swirling energy
coalesces above the central wilderness, sending curls of unfocused,
wild, chaotic energy in all directions.

Wintermute's body disintegrates and a ghostly spirit rises from the
ashes. The ghost cries out in pain as a body forms around him that has
double joints and bulging eyes and is covered with black scales.

Tallaen cackles hellishly.

You see Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan yell, "In the name of Chaos, and
by our will, we release you from your shackles!"

The kaleidoscopic light rushes rapidly towards the spiral twisting
overhead, feeding the vortex with its energy for a brief moment before
it is subsequently expelled in colourful streaks of lightning that
depart in all directions.

You see Executor Astidios Tatharin, Arbiter of Chaos yell, "In the name
of Discord, and by our will, we stir you to life!"

Crackles of lightning continue to accompany the furor booming all around
you. The vortex on high swirls dizzingly, wild with unfocused power.

Sanguine fire streaks down from the vortex to strike the exterior of the
Living Spire, reflecting from its surface to dissipate in all
directions.

Sheets of orange light fall from the heavens upon the Living Spire,
cascading off its surface like so much water, before dispersing into the
earth.

Here Treyak fails to properly perform his part.

Sputtering and crackling within the eye of the storm, saffron light is
discharged into the churning sky overhead.

You see Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction
yell, "In the name of Jy'Barrak Golgotha, and by our will, we lend you
our strength!"

A wave of emerald energy roils from within the maelstrom and disburses
across the firmament.

You see Tallaen Saer'rac, Mystic of the Flames yell, "In the name of the
Occultists, and by our will, we provide the key!"

Spearing the heavens around the vortex, a massive blue pillar descends
to pierce the crater around the spire, appearing to evaporate into the
air as it spreads across the ground.

You see Thenidiel Shiva yell, "In the name of the Unnamable, and by our
will, we open the door!"

Flickering with indigo iridescence, tendrils of the vortex curl down to
touch the earth at the base of the Living Spire, spreading across the
ground in sinuous flashes of light.

You see Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu yell, "In the
name of Chaos, and by our will, we call you forth! The Taint of Chaos,
be reborn!"

The ground beneath your feet shakes and rumbles with violence, causing
the Living Spire to vibrate with such rapidity that it generates a
high-pitched, sonic whine.

With no point of focus, the karmic energy gathered within the Living
Spire ruptures the natural balance as it backfires in a fleeting moment
of blinding rainbow light, and you find yourself floating weightless in
a void of utter darkness.

As the vibrations emanating from the Spire reach a fever-pitch, a
sickening 'CRACK' splits the air asunder, pitching the earth in one
direction and the throbbing edifice in another.

THE RITUAL OF THE LIVING SPIRE REDUX

Personal mistakes of the first attempt aside, we discovered that the
reason for our failure was the lack of a means to focus the terrible
energies we called. As time passed, a sandstone triangle was pulled from
the subconscious of every Occultist in the realms at a specific time.
After further examination, and with the help of Lord Glaaki, we combined
the athame of the Luminai with the protean egg once used to store our
shards to form a key that unlocked the true nature of the triangle.

In a burst of power, the triangle transformed into the Eye of Golgotha,
a Chaotic reflection of the Eye of Proteus. With it, we knew our goal
could be achieved. Amunet, Flair, and I took it upon ourselves to
complete what seven ritualists and Eris, herself, could not.

We succeeded.

First we mounted the Eye atop the apex of the Spire, where it hovered
throughout. It took some doing, as the energies released by the cracked
Spire interfered with our efforts, but eventually the Eye took root.

Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan chants, "Dawwru, nnid veybala khaaren -
Nnis!"

Amunet's chant echoes in the air as claret lightning arcs from her to
the spire.

Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan chants, "Jahih, mrim ulo khahja - Nnis!"

Amunet's eyes blaze with an ochre fire that flares out across the air to
set the spire ablaze.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants,
"Budmi, zhiraple veyexx - Nnis!"

Imyrr raises a hand and sends a razor thin beam of amber light to pierce
the heart of the spire.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants,
"Qitwavey, rakh e'lil mizsauldrilpien - Nnis!"

Imyrr raises emerald-wreathed hands as, echoing his movement, verdant
rings ripple up the tapered spire.

Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants,
"Hilo, oaon e'qrawhis - Nnis!"

Imyrr bows his head and, as he begins to emit a blue light, jerks one
hand up. Cerulean spears pierce the air around the spire before merging
with the pulsating energies surrounding it.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu chants, "Jojers, taji
e'lil jikha - Nnis!"

Flair casts his gaze at the peak of the spire and is answered by a low
rumble from beneath the ground. Mists of an ethereal indigo hue pour
forth from the crater, shrouding the spire from view.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu chants, "Witaze,
lir'asa e'tarzulapha - Nnis!"

Flair claps his pale hands together and with a rush of violet energy,
the spire is consumed in a brilliant white light.

An eldritch tone sounds deafeningly from the spire, quickly followed by
a maddening cacophony.

Here another sacrifice was offered, though the name of the Occultist has
unfortunately become lost in time.

Reaching a fevered pitch, the bedlam thundering through the crater
shatters the sky overhead.

Tearing the sky asunder, a massive vortex of power forms over the
central wilderness.

Kaleidoscopic energy rushes with ever-increasing speed towards the
twisting spiral overhead, feeding the vortex with its energy.

Crackles of lightning accompany the furor that booms around you. The
vortex overhead swirls dizzingly, pregnant with untapped power.

You see Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan, yell, "In the name of Chaos, and
by our will, we release you from your shackles!"

Sanguine fire streaks down from the vortex to strike the Living Spire,
irradiating the ground beneath it with an infernal illumination.

You see Amunet Viatrix, the Charlatan, yell, "In the name of Discord,
and by our will, we stir you to life!"

Sheets of orange fall from the heavens onto the Living Spire. Absorbing
the immense power, the spire begins to pulse with fey life.

You see Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction
yell, "In the name of Entropy, and by our will, we show you the way!"

Cast from the eye of the storm, a lance of saffron light suffuses the
crater around the spire with a sunny radiance.

The ground beneath the spire begins to crumble and quake.

You see Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction
yell, "In the name of Jy'Barrak Golgotha, and by our will, we lend you
our strength!"

A titanic wave of emerald energy pulses from the maelstrom throughout
the sky, an odd feeling of vitality and foreboding passing in its wake.

Captured by the burgeoning power of the spire, the viridian light is
pulled into its pulsing depths. A low keening, more felt than heard,
resonates from beneath the ground.

You see Wings of the Maharatri, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction
yell, "In the name of the Occultists, and by our will, we provide the
key!"

Spearing the heavens around the vortex, a massive pillar of blue
descends to pierce the crater around the spire.

Azure light wells from beneath your feet as the quaking ground becomes
almost transparent.

You see Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu yell, "In the
name of the Unnamable, and by our will, we open the door!"

Flickering with an indigo iridescence, tendrils of the vortex curl down
to touch the earth at the base of the Living Spire, withering it to
nothing beneath their grasp.

Tendrils of iridescent indigo energy descend from the maelstrom overhead
to touch the earth at the base of the spire. The ground quakes more
violently then is suddenly gone beneath your feet. Panic begins to set
in as your senses reel from vertigo.

Your descent is halted by an unseen force radiating from the spire. From
your position in midair, you can see down into the bowels of Sapience,
where a seething Chaos roils and climbs.

You see Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Hand of Pazuzu yell, "In the
name of Chaos, and by our will, we call you forth! The Taint of Chaos,
be reborn!"

Spinning faster than the eye can follow, the vortex condenses into a
sphere of kaleidoscopic energy. With a flash of violet light, it
explodes down into the Living Spire

Screaming through you into the depths of the earth, the purple sphere
rockets into the bubbling Chaos below.

A low, ominous rumble echoes throughout Sapience.

Wave after wave of mind-shattering Chaos blasts you out of the crater
and rockets into the sky overhead.

Mind-bending colours and shapes that flagrantly defy the natural order
pour forth from beneath the Living Spire and tear across Sapience at
breakneck speed, leaving Chaos and confusion in its wake.

Kaleidoscopic rifts in the fabric of reality peppered the world. Scrub
hares, monitor lizards, and stags were horribly, beautifully mutated.
Even the grasses of the Savannah gained rabid sentience, much to the
entertaining consternation of the Eleusian brigade.

The Taint, banished so long ago by Dawn, was released and the twin
energies of Entropy and Discord reveled in their freedom.

It was only later did we discover that the release of the Taint restored
Eris to her sanity. Of course, rather than care for the House she
callously abandoned, she plotted her permanent egress from Creation.

Still, it proved a triumphant day for the forces of Chaos, and you may
still find a remnant of our work within the estate.

SHATTERING THE SHAMTOTA HILLS

Shortly after Babel's return, His servant, Enheduanna, awoke. Following
her destructive imperative, she requested I assist her in the
destruction of the temples of the Te'Serra. This is the record of the
rite that escaped the annals of events.

The spear I wield was forged of the spear-tip talisman of Enheduanna and
a Druidic quarterstaff purchased from a subsequently very abashed druid.
The ritual itself was performed in the dead end in the Shamtota.

Imyrr traces an eldritch sigil into the rocky soil with a single talon.

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants in
a regal, resonant voice, "Earth, the primordial foundation.;Strong and
steadfast, it is the bedrock of creation."

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr's maw splits into a wicked grin as the sigil begins to burn with a
verdant light.

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr says in a regal, resonant voice, "As with all things in this
flawed and ultimately doomed existence."

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr says in a regal, resonant voice, "It."

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr says in a regal, resonant voice, "Is."

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr says in a regal, resonant voice, "Nothing!"

Harmonia chants, "Nnis Drixxuri!"

Imyrr chants in a regal, resonant voice, "Lord of Chaos, God of the
Unknowable Mysteries, reveal to the world the truth of Oblivion!"

The spear in Imyrr's hands suddenly bursts into flame, blazing with a
furious corona of swirling fire.


Imyrr positions the spear directly above the sigil.

The ground heaves as the shaft of the flaming spear plunges deep into
its surface.

A thunderous roar echoes across Sapience as a fierce earthquake rips
through the Shamtota Hills.

Imyrr says in a regal, resonant voice, "Kanna, Drixxuri! Ann alkharia
Thi."

Enheduanna shouts, "So many temples and helpless creatures! I shall
enjoy shattering this countryside."

The heavens shiver with foul portent as the rumbling voice of Babel
resounds, "Well done, Enheduanna, Imyrr. The devastation that you have
wrought against My enemies on this day is exceedingly pleasing in My
sight.

Han-Silnar shouts, "I will kill you myself, Enheduanna, for what you
have done against my Mistress."

Eventually, this ritual lead directly to the destruction of Enheduanna,
but such is the price of serving Babel.

THE BIRTH OF PYTHIA

The creation of life is not as mystical or divine as proponents of
Creation would have us believe. Flair, going rather beyond the usual
boundaries of established marriage, experimented with such things with
rather more frequency than I would have preferred. This is one of the
more successful instances, though it required my intervention to keep it
and the mother alive.

The child was killing its host, Harmonia, and needed a new sustainable
environment in which to gestate. Witness its creation:

Imyrr smiles and says to you in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Lie
supine, please."

Harmonia lies herself down.

Imyrr chants beneath his breath, stirring the eldritch power wreathing
his hands.

Harmonia feels her belly ripple and churn as the creature moves inside
her.

Beads of sweat break out on Harmonia's face.

Imyrr's hands crackle and spark with a burning nimbus of emerald light.

Harmonia rubs her swollen womb and hums to the creature.Harmonia rubs
her swollen womb and hums to the creature.

Beads of sweat break out on Harmonia's face.

Imyrr continues with his mumbled chanting and cups his hands before him.

Responding to the utterance, the verdant light swirls between him and
Harmonia.


Harmonia turns her head to the side and closes her eyes.

Imyrr's three eyes flare with the energy of the Green Ray.

Echoing the surge of power, the nimbus before him begins to coalesce
into a large,ovoid mass.

Imyrr chants rhythmically under his breath.
Imyrr trembles with effort, and with a pealing cry the emerald light
solidifies into an egg that settles gently into his hands.

Harmonia breathes heavily as the power envelops her body.

Imyrr gently slides his hands apart and allows the egg to fall from
them.

Imyrr drops a glowing emerald egg.

Imyrr asks Harmonia in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Are you ready?"

Harmonia nods her head emphatically.

Imyrr nods his head at Harmonia

Beads of sweat break out on Harmonia's face.
Imyrr claps his hands over Harmonia's belly and sends a surge of power
pulsing into her.

Harmonia rubs the scar tissue across her stomach and moans in pain.

Imyrr chants in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Child of Chaos, we draw
you forth. Away from the prison of flesh and into the seat of power!"

Imyrr traces arcane sigils above Harmonia's swollen stomach. In their
light, shadowy tendrils seethe and writhe beneath her skin.

Harmonia feels the life force inside her move as the tendrils coalesce
around her stomach.

Beads of sweat break out on Harmonia's face.

Imyrr draws his hands towards the egg, leaving a trail of glittering
emerald stars hanging in the air behind them. Following in their
coruscating wake, the shadowy tendrils pass beyond Harmonia's skin and
into the open air.

Imyrr croons a haunting melody and makes several passes over the surface
of the egg.

Harmonia breathes softly as the energy glows around her stomach. Her
mind seeks the mystery of Oblivion and she closes her eyes once again.

Imyrr brings his chanting to a fevered climax and ceases abruptly. Like
a nest of vipers, the ethereal tendrils slither out of Harmonia fully
and coil within the glittering viridian shell.

Beads of sweat break out on your face.

Imyrr sways back and forth.

Vitality wells from within the core of this virescent ovoid, its smooth
exterior laced with occasional bursts of coruscating light. Nearly two
feet long, its thick shell ripples with verdant tones, shifting from
pale jade to deep evergreen shades as light plays across its surface.
Protean shadows writhe within the shell, shapes reminiscent of wings,
tentacles and claws coalescing for an instant before dissolving into a
nebulous mass.

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Now, to prepare the pool."

Imyrr pauses for a moment, concentration tightening his face.

Imyrr raises his hands and begins to inscribe sigils in the air,
muttering to himself as he completes each one.

Imyrr continues to mutter, his inflection varying from one word to the
next, punctuating each flair and whorl of the sigla.

Imyrr's forehead beads with sweat as he continues to inscribe, the
arcane etchings now glowing and writhing in midair.

Imyrr suddenly drops his hands, palms flat, towards the ground. Like
meteors, the sigla fall to the floor of the cavern and surround the
circumference of the pool, casting eerie shadows deep into its putrid
depths.

Imyrr says in a silvery, mellifluous voice, "One of you please place the
egg into the pool. I need to focus on the sigla until it's within the
water."

Terra kneels beside a putrid underground pool and carefully drops a
glowing emerald egg into its stagnant waters. The green ovoid slowly
sinks down and out of sight.

Imyrr bows his head and invokes the Green Ray once more. With a harsh
exhalation, lime fire bursts from his third eye and sets the ring of
sigils ablaze.

Imyrr sways back and forth.

Imyrr sits down.

Imyrr says in a soft, tired voice, "It is done."

Terra nods her head emphatically.

Imyrr says in a soft, tired voice, "Please keep an eye on the pool. The
child will need to remain incubated for some time, but it will,
eventually hatch."

Terra bends over and gently stirs the waters of a putrid underground
pool with her finger.
A glowing emerald egg silently rises to the pool's surface.

A glowing emerald egg sinks down beneath the pool's stagnant waters.

Harmonia feels the power of the rays envelop her as her body returns to
normal shape.

Pythia eventually hatched, and even bore young, but for the details you
will need to consult the Babelonians.



CONTACTING ERIDU

What very few beyond the Babelonian Cult know is that Babel, aeons ago,
established a colony of humans on the very fringe of existence. This
colony would become the temple city of Eridu. Tensions arose between the
priesthood of Eridu and that established on the Prime shortly after
Babel's return. In an attempt at solving the issue with diplomacy, it
was decided to contact the temple.

The ritual was performed within the Caverns of Enheduanna, and its
primary component was a type of jade unique to the Cult. This is a
record of how we sent our message and the response we received some
months later.

An intersection of gloomy tunnels.
Pallid, greenish light filters into this section of tunnel from some
distant source, faintly illuminating the uneven surface of rough,
mottled grey stone making up the walls and low ceiling. Water leaks into
the chamber from a small crack on the wall, leaving dark patches of
moisture and mineral stains in its wake as it trickles down to mingle
with the muddy earth lining the floor. Two small caverns open off to the
northwest and southwest, while the continuing tunnel curves eastward. A
rune shaped like a butterfly has been sketched into the ground here. A
small patch of blackness churns mysteriously across the floor. Four
slender white candles rise from iron sconces set into the stone walls of
the cavern. A stone pillar rises up from the ground here, powerful runes
inscribed upon its surface. A ritual circle glowing with pale light has
been drawn upon the ground.
You see exits leading east, southwest, and northwest.

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction asks in a
regal, resonant voice, "Are we ready to begin?"

Manifest nods his head emphatically.

Terra Diaboli says with a cold, Rajamalan accent, "I think so."

A narrow beam of light bursts forth from the third eye on Imyrr's brow,
striking each of the four candles set into the cavern walls and lighting
them in turn.

Imyrr drops a small green pebble.

Imyrr places the lump of jade in the precise centre of the ritual
circle.

Taking a moment to focus his thoughts, Imyrr traces sigils of
transfiguration around the circumference of the ritual circle.
One by one the sigils begin to glow with an eldritch radiance as Imyrr
utters throat-torturing phrases in an alien tongue.

Imyrr says, "Through the fraying Weave I call to Chaos!"

Tendrils of light coalesce into a complex ritual diagram as Imyrr's
claws make intricate arcane passes through the air.

Directed by Imyrr's gaze, the diagram moves to hover over the jade,
which rises to float suspended within figure.

Imyrr says, ""Limitless possibility, I invoke you! By my will I warp
this jade to our purpose: become a vessel for our voices."

Imyrr whispers another incantation, causing the diagram to spin faster
and faster. Within the crucible of the magic of Chaos, the jade ripples
and distorts, reforming beneath the onslaught.

Imyrr says, "Spirits of the timeless Void, imbue this jade with the
words of the Cult of Babel. As we speak, so shall our words be
conveyed!"

Manifest Shiva, Seraph of Enlightenment says, "From the font of
crumbling Creation, we of the Orders of the Iron Crown and Flame-Bright
Spear welcome word from the Lord's temple city."

Gloirin Silvertongue says in an euphonious, quiet voice, "Long have we
sought word from the border of the Outer Reaches, to hear the wisdom of
those who dwell beside the Sohtan and the Rea. With heavy hearts we
mourn the loss of one so esteemed by the God of Oblivion, the Supreme
Pontiff, so shortly after His release by our hands. Long we strove
against the proponents of existence. Great magics were summoned to
wither the power of the rainbow-eyed traitor, spreading the glory of
primordial Chaos over the fragile weave of the Prime Material Plane,
tearing it asunder in its passing. In time, and with further of our
efforts, the seal holding His influence at bay from the centre of all
cracked, revealing a limitless well deep beneath the earth. Out He
stepped, and the world trembled at His coming! For a brief while, He was
once again assailed by the Unborn Goddess but with an indomitable will
He returned from the very cusp of His domain to claim His rightful
dominion over the planes of Creation - and to re-establish His following
within its heart!"

Mordanyconus exclaims, "Ages ago, in the dim mists of the ancient past,
three-eyed priests walked the inner planes. Far from what would be the
jade-pebbled banks of the Sohtan and the Rea, they worked the will of
the Iron Crown and wielded the strength of the Flame-Bright Spear. Now,
with the return of Lord Babel, we do so again. And so did Enheduanna!"

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says in a
regal, resonant voice, "Fiery Enheduanna awoke as the awesome portent of
the Lord's voice thundered across existence, calling her to once more
wreak havoc in His name. She and I, the Keeper of the Crown, wrought a
mighty art against our enemies, bringing low their temples. However, our
enemies are many where the forces of Creation dwell in such abundance.
The slaves of the Jade Empress discovered the secret of beautiful,
terrible Enheduanna and wielding the forces of the damned Light,
shattered her heart with a spear tipped with her talisman. We strove in
vain, dying time and time again to protect her shrine concealed deep
within the caverns, but to no avail. With a single thrust, Foehn slew
deadly Enheduanna."

Terra Diaboli says with a cold, Rajamalan accent, "Still we continue to
work the will of Lord Babel. Still we spread the majesty of the Void
throughout the multiverse. Still we summon storms of Chaos and forge the
jade in the crucible of Rea's orange flame and retrieve tokens of His
will from the shining blue fire of Sohtan. Still we worship before the
Altar of the Eye - His third eye by which He returned to power. Join us,
children of Oblivion! We are not your enemies. We are brothers and
sisters in service to our Lord and Master: Babel! Claim your vengeance
from those who warrant your wrath. Join us and lay low the misguided and
foolish defenders of this decaying and ruined world."

Imyrr says, "Entities of the yawning abyss! We charge you! Ensure our
message is heard only by one who walks high enough in the Lord of
Oblivion's favour to bear the third eye. Let none but the worthy in
Babel's sight hear what we speak."

Imyrr says, "Daughters of Oblivion, heed our cry! We call upon you to
convey our message to the Supreme Pontiff Nilsanrai within the sacred
halls of Eridu. Forged of the jade you favour, bring this icon across
the doomed expanse of the multiverse to where your waters flow
timelessly from within the bottomless well of Lord Babel's temple. With
all haste, we implore you, deliver our missive!"

Imyrr says, "Lord Babel, we beseech Thee, look with favour upon our
work."

The candles set into the walls flicker and go dark, their flames
extinguished.

A thousand whispers fill the chamber, carried in on a faint, chill
breeze. When it passes, the jade at the centre of the room has vanished.

Imyrr passes his talons through the air, erasing the ritual diagram from
existence.

Some months pass, and we are called back to the Caverns.

The air blurs into the flickering shape of an indistinct figure.

Twisting flickers of sourceless light move through the air here like
sunbeams on the surface of a lake, dancing around one another in
constantly changing patterns of shape and intensity. Together they form
a coruscating blur that rises six feet into the air, assuming a vaguely
humanoid shape with indistinct features that suggest mundanely
proportioned masculinity.

An indistinct figure says in Human, "Your message been received, twice
chaotic of the inner wait."

An indistinct figure says in Human, "Gift Supreme Pontiff Pandora the
Outer Reaches, guidance Nilsanrai, will look tear your case."

An indistinct figure says in Human, "Until then,."

An indistinct figure says in Human, "Your fate hangs in the balance."

An indistinct figure says in Human, "The Lords of the Temple will decide
it."

An indistinct figure says in Human, "Pray that Enheduanna is truly dead,
for if you have lied, you will be destroyed."

The indistinct figure shimmers once and is gone.

SACRIFICIAL OFFERING TO BABEL

The more militant arm of Babel's Cult, the Spear, is often at a loss
when it comes to ritual work. One of the more prominent members of the
time, Katalyst, requested I develop a method to sacrifice those slain
for opposing Babel. This is that method.

Note that it may only be performed at the altar to Babel within the
centre of Ashtan's bog.

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says in a
regal, resonant voice, "Hail, the forgotten brother of Maya! Let the
touch of the devouring madness descend upon this profane place."

Uttering a prayer into the night air, Imyrr places the corpse of
Kerrilynn upon the ancient stone of the altar.

Imyrr says, "I have seen Creation and Creation is a lie! Let those who
further that doomed cause be shown the great truth that Chaos holds
within the eternal void!"

Imyrr's eyes gleam with manic fervour as he peels apart the flesh of the
sacrifice with his gleaming talons. Blood flows across the scenes graven
into the weathered stone of the altar, and the eerie howling rises in
expectation to the gruesome noise of the dragon's butchery.

Imyrr says, "As the fabric of Creation is rent by the inexorable
progression of Chaos, so this body is rent by the servants of the
inevitable."

Imyrr exclaims, "Glory to the black eyes of destiny! With this offering,
let the revelation of the infinite singularity herald the coming of
Oblivion!"

Imyrr waves his hands over an ancient stone altar, muttering foul
prayers to the forbidden god under his breath.
Black clouds churn ominously above the bog.

Mangrove leaves skitter through the air in a violent whirlwind over the
altar as Imyrr throws back his head in ecstasy and the uncanny howling
reaches an ear-splitting crescendo.

Imyrr revels in his communion with Oblivion, then returns with a sigh to
the here and now as the wind dies to a mere whisper and the mangled
corpse of Kerrilynn fades from view.

THE RETURN OF ENDLESS HUNGER

During the fifth century after the fall of the Seleucarian Empire, an
ancient relic of Babel's surfaced: a semi-sentient blade named Endless
Hunger. It gave devastating power to those who wielded it, but often
slew its wielder in turn. In order to continue its wanderings throughout
existence, it would assume the form a particularly grotesque goat.

A fool by the name of Cinya managed to hold it and was tricked into
giving it over to the care of the Cult of Babel. Knowing that the
methods used to contain it would prove short-lived, I was tasked with
creating a ritual to return it to Babel's hand.

This was performed at the altar in the centre of Ashtan's bog.

Imyrr arranges the black candles into the points of a pentagram, drawing
the lines between each point with a single claw.

Mordanyconus points at the goat and begins to chant.

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants in
a regal, resonant voice, "Lord Babel, seething god of the primal abyss,
hear your servants!"

Black clouds seethe and whirl over the bog.

Imyrr chants, "Through the consuming void, let our voices cry. Let our
will light the way!"

Imyrr's third eye flares with power, and all-but-unseen flames flicker
to life on the wick of each candle.

Bursts of flame crash down from the sky, igniting parts of the bog.

Imyrr chants, "By your might, let your tools be shaped. By our will, let
your weapon by forged."

Mordanyconus raises his hands and begins to chant, eyes focused on the
sword.

Imyrr says, "Lord Babel, the consuming madness, we call to you!"

The clouds part, and a haze of black smoke descends into the centre of
the bog.

Imyrr says, "Like lightning, like thunder, let our voices echo with
power!"

Drawing a mighty breath to fill his lungs, Imyrr cranes his neck
backwards and sends a screaming volley of lightning-infused vapour into
the air.

A plume of thick black smoke billows in, churning with eldritch fire as
it parts to reveal Babel, God of Oblivion.

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "Why do you call Me, mortals?"

Imyrr says, "We bring to You, consuming madness, Endless Hunger."

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "Yes. So it is."

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "It must have become lost in the time of
Eris."

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "One more thing for which She is
accountable."

Babel begins to wield Endless Hunger in His right hand.
Babel's eyes gleam with exhilaration.

Babel raises Endless Hunger above his head, jaw firm and eyes blazing.
Sheets of flame ripple through the sky, momentarily turning the heavens
blood red.

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "I see it has enjoyed its freedom."

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "But such things do not belong in mortal
hands."

Babel, God of Oblivion says, "So be it."

The God of Oblivion melts into a plume of thick black smoke that flashes
with eldritch fire as it disperses.

Mordanyconus says, "I didn't really think that would work."

For our own records, here are the descriptions of the sword in each of
its forms:

Endless Hunger

The elder blade, Endless Hunger, hangs silently in the air.

As cold as the death of stars, this sword's blade is forged from a
flawless black metal that gleams with an eerie polish utterly unlike
light. Gravity distorts around the wicked sharpness of its edge, bending
air and colour into a sickly writhing velvet haze. The ashen skin of
some unknown creature wraps the hilt, and an unblinking red eye stares
malevolently out from the pommel. It weighs about 5 pounds.

an enormous winged black goat

An enormous winged black goat looms here, its single red eye glowing
with rage.

A single red eye blazes on the forehead of this enormous black goat, and
four great raven wings extend from its shoulders and back. The beast is
roughly the size of a warhorse, with iron hooves that spray sparks at
every step and two curling horns that terminate in wicked points.
Instead of a tail, the long, writhing bodies of three venomous serpents
extend from its hindquarters. An enormous winged black goat has an air
of extreme strength. He weighs about 250 pounds.


        Summoning from the Void

In what can only be undeniable proof that I am both mad and a masochist,
I used this ritual to summon my husband from his communion with
Oblivion. It was my hope he would provide some assistance in dealing
with Ashtan's stupidity, but I was sadly disappointed.

This was performed in my lair on the banks of the Phlegethon with my
wedding band as the primary focus.

Turning his wedding band gently, Imyrr touches its gemstone eyes in a
ritual pattern, causing its coils to writhe with greater life.

Wings of the Apocalypse, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction chants in
a silvery, mellifluous voice, "Mannril lil xxuri Ai limh ulo thi, lo
tisit."

Imyrr's wedding band begins to emit a lurid purple light, each gemstone
eye glowing brighter and brighter with unhallowed radiance.

Imyrr chants, "Mannril talavey, mannril dravey, nnis ulo isa."

Imyrr swiftly slices his wrist and allows his blood to flow through the
obsidian tendrils to pool within the glyphs of his ring.

Imyrr chants, "Flair! Ain draowru, ain zriss, ain sisra thi phull
limhed. Thi veylas omlo."

Imyrr holds his hand aloft and the eerie purple light flares from the
ring to careen about the chamber, illuminating fragments of alien
geometry before passing through forbidden angles and vanishing from
sight.

Gemstone eyes twinkling sleepily from between them, the obsidian
tentacles of Imyrr's wedding band slither around the base of his finger
in contentment.

        A leson for Teldrim (or any fool who challenges the Occultists)

One particularly brazen idiot who called Ashtan home was Teldrim. His
constant assaults against the integrity of the House spurred me to
create this object lesson, though he left the city before it could be
fully realised. I've included a draft of the address I meant to write,
so you, gentle reader, may use it for inspiration should another such as
he arise.

Begin draft:
Since Teldrim continually asserts that all and sundry are entitled to
our secrets through no merit of their own, I have graciously complied.

I have ripped the bones of the world from their foundations and carved
them into a towering menhir you can find in the ruins of the palace. One
of our secrets has been carved into its primal stone. Read it as you
will, use it at your peril. Teldrim, you will volunteer first, or you
will never again speak ill of the Occultists, unquestionably a House of
his betters. I have placed a spell upon the silk sheath currently
covering the stone. None but Teldrim, or myself should he prove too
craven, may remove it. Once done, any may read or use the stone, though
be warned the secrets of the true Occultists are potent and dangerous,
especially to fools.
End draft.

My eldritch sight has revealed the appearance of the menhir, which I
include below:

a towering menhir carved with alien sigils

The air seethes with anticipation around a titanic menhir that looms
with primal moment.

Looming overhead, this titanic stone has been torn from the deepest
bowels of the earth. Its primal surface is decorated with inhuman glyphs
and sigils, the rusty stains that run along their archaic lines hinting
at their unutterable meaning. A silken shroud hides the main body of the
alien text, preventing any further examination.

Once the sheath is removed, it will appear thusly:

Looming overhead, this titanic stone has been torn from the deepest
bowels of the earth. Its primal surface is decorated with inhuman glyphs
and sigils, the rusty stains that run along their archaic lines hinting
at their unutterable meaning. Open to the air, the fey language carven
into the menhir seethes with power, tempting and warning all who
approach.

The inscription on the stone will read:

Xxaldabh Zhulaed, Thi invoke Oua Ladaen ~Phagahu Dys earn Oua Qerkrum.

Worthy servants, Thi Zhue Lil Trijal ~Kabau Dys Ann Huaa Daital.

Any true Occultist will fathom the meaning of the engraving and benefit
thereby. Those who do not, and misstep, will be made to pay for their
transgression.

        RITE OF ELEMENTAL DISTORTION

I developed this ritual in response to the threat posed by Sarranda and
Belladona, though my original design was far more grand in scope. You
may find a full description and explanation on the Thaumaturgist
newsboard. (post 271)

        RITE OF ELEMENTAL DISSOLUTION

This was the original idea that lead to the Rite of Elemental
Distortion. This, what is possibly the most potentially destructive rite
I've devised, would serve to free the elements from the control of
Agatheis and raze his temple to the ground.

Imagine a world where the elements no longer slaved beneath the yoke of
a treacherous tyrant. Imagine an existence where Chaos flowed in force
as the matrix of Creation split itself apart. This is the power of the
Rite of Dissolution.

Though not yet performed, I have cast my gaze into the possible futures
and seen one where it was successful. I will present it here in the
hopes that my successors will complete my work. Know that this will
require the athame of the Luminai, the elemental shards, and the Chalice
of Purity.

Imyrr utters alien syllables and, in time with archaic cadences,
inscribes a massive ritual circle on the ground. Glyphs and spells of
power, invocation, and channeling take shape beneath his skilled hands
as each line and whorl is completed.

Wings of Ruin, Imyrr Rousseau, Angel of Destruction says in a mighty,
terrible voice, "Come, brethren. Today, we rectify a travesty allowed to
continue for aeons beyond counting. Today, we set free those bound into
unwilling slavery and unleash the fury of the primal elements!"

Imyrr takes his place in the centre of the circle, gesturing for the
other celebrants to assume their places.

Mahala takes her place to the north, dropping the elemental shard
precisely in place.
The shard falls from Mahala's hand and begins to glow a soft blue as it
lands.

Gloirin takes his place to the east, dropping the elemental shard
precisely in place.
The shard falls from Gloirin's hand and begins to glow a soft green as
it lands.

Amunet takes her place to the south, dropping the elemental shard
precisely in place.
The shard falls from Amunet's hand and begins to glow a soft red as it
lands.

Flair takes his place to the west, dropping the elemental shard
precisely in place.
The shard falls from Flair's hand and begins to glow a soft yellow as it
lands.

Imyrr chants, "Children of the primordial void, we hear your cries."

Mahala, Gloirin, Amunet, and Flair reply, "Through Chaos be heard!"

The glow of each elemental shard, red, blue, yellow, and green,
strengthens while the lines of the ritual seal burn with eldritch
radiance.

Imyrr lifts the Chalice of Purity above his head and cries out to the
heavens.

Imyrr chants, "Let the tools of the enemy be his undoing!"

Gloirin, Amunet, Flair, and Mahala reply, "Chaos illuminate the chains
that bind!"

Imyrr places the chalice at his feet where it anchors to the ground.

Spidery light flows from the base of the chalice in four twisted
rivulets that coil around each elemental shard.

Imyrr begins to wield an athame in his right hand.

His eyes flashing with ecstasy, Imyrr thrusts the athame skyward.

Imyrr chants, "Chaos, limitless potential, breaker of bonds, inspiration
of all life and of ultimate annihilation, answer our call! Let the
greatest of all powers be realised."

Amunet, Flair, Mahala, and Gloirin reply, "O Chaos, we summon you! Let
your glory be known!"

Space and time shudder beneath the weight of Chaos as it seeps through
the threads of the Weave.

You cannot help but gasp with awe as reality warps into utterly wrong
angles within your vision while the seething power of Chaos wreathes
Imyrr's raised hand.

Imyrr chants, "Great liberator! May the relics once used by the wickedly
righteous now channel your might unfettered!"

Flair, Mahala, Gloirin, and Amunet reply, "Kings of the Elements, be now
released!"

Imyrr plunges the athame into the bowl of the chalice, which flares
brilliantly as the Chaos evoked pours through it.

Keeper of Enlightenment, Mahala Viatrix, Gelid Mistress chants,
"Sllshya, Great Ocean, no longer shall any but you direct the course of
your waters! Flow and ebb as you see fit!"

The filament connecting the chalice to the north shard blazes with
cerulean fire for the briefest moment before both are consumed.

Torrents of water surge from all directions, pouring from the sky and
pounding the surf with titanic waves, the undeniable floods spreading as
far as the raging waters can reach.

Keeper of the Crown, Gloirin Silvertongue, Eminent Master chants,
"Garash, Immovable Mountain, let the Earth now abide no command but your
own!"

The filament connecting to the chalice to the east shard blazes with
emerald fire for the briefest moment before both are consumed.

A terrible, rolling shudder rocks the earth underfoot as the bedrock of
continents cracks and shifts, toppling buildings and crumbling mountains
in its rage.

Niveous Witch, Amunet Viatrix, Ashtan's Bane chants, "Kkractle, Eternal
Fire, let the consuming flames burn as high as you wish! Let the ties
that bank your might be burst asunder!"

The filament connecting the chalice to the south shard blazes with
crimson fire for the briefest moment before both are consumed.

Sheets of flame blaze into existence from the heights of the firmament
to the bowels of the deepest caves, scorching air and earth in their
frenzied, joyful consumption.

Prophet of Babel, Flair Ze'Dekiah, Voice of Decay chants, "Whiirh of the
Western Wind, let the tempest no longer still its breath for any but
you! Fly free of the bonds of servitude!"

The filament connecting the chalice to the west shard blazes with golden
fire for the briefest moment before both are consumed.

Howling winds tear across Sapience, ripping trees from the womb of the
earth in their passing and hurling them to the ground with madcap
abandon.

With a final, fatal rending, the athame and chalice shatter apart with
such force that the ritual seal is destroyed. You have but a moment to
comprehend your fate before you are utterly consumed.

Still caught in the throes of the ecstasy of Chaos, Imyrr has been
consumed by a tremendous backlash of ritual power.
Still caught in the throes of the ecstasy of Chaos, Mahala has been
consumed by a tremendous backlash of ritual power.
Still caught in the throes of the ecstasy of Chaos, Gloirin has been
consumed by a tremendous backlash of ritual power.
Still caught in the throes of the ecstasy of Chaos, Amunet has been
consumed by a tremendous backlash of ritual power.
Still caught in the throes of the ecstasy of Chaos, Flair has been
consumed by a tremendous backlash of ritual power.

A quartet of explosions shatter the relative peace of Delos as pillars
of elemental might pierce the heavens.

Scalding heat sears the air as the voice of Kkractle, the Eternal Fire
scorches the firmament, "At last! No longer can your will bind us,
traitorous god!"

The rumble of unfathomed seas pounds your ears as Sllshya, the Great
Ocean roars, "For time almost beyond remembrance have we suffered
beneath your yoke. No more!"

With the grinding, cracking sound of mountains shifting, Garash, the
Immovable Mountain rumbles, "We hereby reclaim dominion of our rightful
realm and brand you usurper, Agatheis!"

Clouds flee before the onslaught of a raging tempest as Whiirh, the
Western Wind howls, "Now taste our wrath, you who thought to brand us
your slaves. Suffer but a portion of what we have suffered!"

A deathly calm descends over the world as the sovereign lords of the
elements pass judgment upon their captor, Agatheis.

Shrieks resound from Delos as the elements go mad, destroying everything
and everyone within their reach in their fury.

Madelyne has perished beneath the onslaught of the elements gone mad.

With an awful, rending shriek, the Elemental Lords completely obliterate
the Agathean temple. Its marble foundation topples into the molten earth
of its core and, with a brutal hissing, the river Zaphar quenches the
liquid stone, which solidifies into a shapeless plug of solidified magma
- a testament to the folly of those who would enslave the elements.

A moment later it is done, and the world regains a semblance of
normality as Sllshya, Garash, Kkractle, and Whiirh return to their
realms at long last.

Thus ends my vision. See that it is fulfilled!
